== 19 Oct 2016
[00:35] <frewsxcv> https://github.com/blog/2267-introducing-github-community-guidelines
[09:37] <badboy> nice!
[13:25] <Friend1> Anyone there
[13:25] <badboy> hey Friend1 
[13:27] <QCSHSstudent> Hello, I'm with Friend1
[13:27] <badboy> Hey!
[13:27] <badboy> and welcome
[13:27] <QCSHSstudent> We are looking for assistance in regards to one of our school projects 
[13:27] <Friend1> We would like some advice on a project for our research class
[13:28] <badboy> are you the ones with the mail 2 days ago?
[13:28] <QCSHSstudent> Why yes, that was um me 
[13:28] <badboy> ok! Sorry for not getting back to you yet. 
[13:29] <QCSHSstudent> we were worried a bit if it wasn't received.  
[13:29] <QCSHSstudent> Oh it is alright
[13:29] <badboy> yes, it is
[13:29] <badboy> we just didn't found to answer yet
[13:29] <badboy> however, let me just re-read that mail quickly
[13:31] <badboy> ok, so you want to use Rust for a university project and need info on how to get started and also some expert who would be willing to give an interview?
[13:32] <QCSHSstudent> Well it is a high school project, and yes part of our requirements for it is to have an interview form and expert in the field
[13:32] <badboy> ok, high school
[13:32] <QCSHSstudent> from an* sorry 
[13:35] <badboy> if you need to get started with Rust, a good way is definitely the book: https://doc.rust-lang.org/book/
[13:35] <badboy> once you have a bit experience with Rust you should look out for libraries to use in your project
[13:36] <badboy> given that it was some firewalling, likely the pcap bindings are worth a look: https://crates.io/crates/pcap
[13:37] <QCSHSstudent> Why yes, I was aware of the book  already, and have sent that link out for my group mates to go over. I myself have been studying it when I have the chance. 
[13:38] <QCSHSstudent> Ah, I was looking for something like that. Thanks
[13:38] <badboy> in general you should take a look at crates.io, there are already quite some libraries around
[13:38] <badboy> for general questions you can always join #rust or #rust-beginners
[13:39] <QCSHSstudent> Alright
[13:39] <badboy> about the interview partner: I'm not sure who I should forward you to. members of the community team are themselves volunteers, not sure if there is anyone with expert knowledge in the field of security/networking you're looking for
[13:40] <QCSHSstudent> I see
[13:41] <QCSHSstudent> well to be frankly honest even a somewhat adept person would settle for our interview partner for the mean time
[13:41] <QCSHSstudent> Our teacher i believe allows us to do more in the future
[13:42] <QCSHSstudent> right now it is mostly and exercise in gathering and collating relevant information from people more knowledgeable than you 
[13:42] <badboy> We have a meeting at 4pm UTC, in a bit more than 2 hours.
[13:42] <QCSHSstudent> as part of our research subjects curriculum
[13:42] <badboy> You can stick around for that or I can bring that up and see if anyone wants to help out
[13:43] <QCSHSstudent> That would be most helpful. 
[13:45] <QCSHSstudent> Thank you again for your assistance. It means a lot for an aspiring CS student :) 
[13:46] <badboy> I am one myself :)
[14:40] <booyaa> badboy: re: security maybe someone from the servo team? ping^ Manishearth 
[14:41] <booyaa> lol should've read the scroll back looks like it's more network security
[14:43] <Manishearth> booyaa: avadacatavra has recently studied the status of rust security
[14:43] <Manishearth> in #servo
[14:43] <booyaa> QCSHSstudent: ^^
[14:45] <booyaa> QCSHSstudent: also skade did an excellent talk about the inherent safety features of rust. he might be a good person to interview too. https://skillsmatter.com/skillscasts/9252-useful-rust
[14:45] <booyaa> there's the video
[14:46] <badboy> oooh it's online already
[14:46] <badboy> (still a great shirt!)
[14:52] <booyaa> badboy: i need to work on skillsmatter and their lack of youtubeness
[14:52] <booyaa> yeah that tee is awesome
[15:00] <meetingbot> This week's agenda: https://github.com/rust-community/team/issues/100. The meeting is this Weds @ 4PM UTC. Last week's minutes https://github.com/rust-community/team/blob/master/meeting-minutes/2016-10-12.txt. bippity beep!
[15:04] <carols10cents> QCSHSstudent: there was a meetup about rust and cryptography/security a few years ago, if any of the speakers look relevant, you might want to try contacting them! https://air.mozilla.org/bay-area-rust-meetup-december-2014/
[15:05] <erickt> T-55 minutes!
[15:08] <frewsxcv> QCSHSstudent: If you're looking for crypto + rust talk, check out #rust-crypto
[15:12] <erickt> hey y'all! anything for the agenda?
[15:22] <Zaga> Ummm...hello
[15:23] <QCSHSstudent> Hey, Zaga is connected with me. 
[15:23] <Zaga> Yeah hi
[15:23] <carols10cents> hi!!!!
[15:24] <QCSHSstudent> Are there anyways to get in contact with the people mentioned above? Do they have a work email we can send to?
[15:25] <Zaga> Yes, is there any way?
[15:26] <jdm> contact information is probably present at the end of each of the talks, if they gave it
[15:27] <QCSHSstudent> Alright
[15:27] <erickt> hello Zaga!
[15:28] <Zaga> Hello sir : )
[15:29] <erickt> hrm, this might be a short meeting today...
[15:30] <erickt> who added the bit about the "Interview Request for Research Project"?
[15:30] <Zaga> What is the meeting going to be about?
[15:30] <erickt> it's our weekly community team meeting, you're welcome to stay
[15:30] <erickt> this one might not be that exciting though :)
[15:31] <Zaga> That would be me and QCSHSstudent
[15:31] <badboy> erickt: I did, that was in regard to the mail/ QCSHSstudent & Zagas request
[15:31] <badboy> but I guess we covered most of it before the meeting now
[15:31] <Zaga> Yes, yes it was
[15:32] <erickt> :)
[15:33] <QCSHSstudent> Alright, zaga I have the contact info for skade. 
[15:34] <Zaga> Ok cool
[15:34] <QCSHSstudent> I'm gonna dig a bit more and see if there is anyone else we could ask
[15:34] <erickt> carols10cents: ping!
[15:35] <carols10cents> erickt: PONG
[15:35] <erickt> eep
[15:35] <erickt> so I didn't have a chance to build a proper agenda, but i wanted to see if you needed anything
[15:35] <carols10cents> nah i'm good :)
[15:35] <erickt> otherwise, maybe we should cancel?
[15:35] <QCSHSstudent> other than that I think we are mostly done, if you have any questions zaga now would be a good time. 
[15:35] <badboy> I'm fine with that, then I can make dinner earlier :D
[15:36] <badboy> maybe just poke people to work on open issues?
[15:36] * badboy pokes himself
[15:36] <Zaga> I'm not sure what to ask, QCSHSstudent
[15:36] <erickt> badboy: ya
[15:36] <erickt> I might take this as a working session :)
[15:37] <QCSHSstudent> well, that's fine too zaga. 
[15:37] <QCSHSstudent> Um, thanks again for taking the time to help us
[15:37] <badboy> In the morning I put "write that damn info about Rust Community switchboard already" on my whiteboard, so yeah, I guess I can use that time to do so
[15:37] <QCSHSstudent> It is greatly appreciated
[15:37] <mbrubeck> QCSHSstudent, Zaga: Feel free to join the #servo channel if you'd like to contact any Servo developers. (avadacatavra was mentioned earlier; you can find her in that channel.)
[15:38] <erickt> canceled!
[15:38] <erickt> badboy: ya I've been pretty swamped with work (sorry carols10cents!) so I have not made any progress on my stuff either
[15:38] <QCSHSstudent> alright thanks :)
[15:39] <carols10cents> erickt: quit your job
[15:39] <erickt> mortgage!
[15:39] <badboy> carols10cents: Didn't we had that discussion yesterday? :D
[15:39] <skade> Meeting is in 20 minutes?
[15:39] <carols10cents> skade: erickt just cancelled it
[15:39] <erickt> skade: just canceled it
[15:39] <Zaga> Yes, thank you very much :)
[15:40] <erickt> skade: couldn't come up with a useful agenda
[15:40] <carols10cents> badboy: repetition makes it sink in :)
[15:40] <QCSHSstudent> oh um
[15:40] <QCSHSstudent> mr, skade. 
[15:40] <badboy> new feature for meetingbot
[15:40] <QCSHSstudent> we were hoping to find you. 
[15:41] <erickt> carols10cents: lol
[15:41] <carols10cents> yes yes, every time erickt says the words "busy" and "work", the bot should tell him to quit his job!
[15:41] <erickt> haha
[15:41] <erickt> fair enough
[15:41] <erickt> I'll r+ that PR
[15:44] <Zaga> Oh and thesecretary is also with me and QCSHSstudent
[15:46] <Zaga> Svtshosh is also with me, QCSHSstudent, and thesecretary
[15:53] <booyaa> jntrnr: i seem to recall you're doing some kind of roundtable with corporate/enterprise?
[15:55] <hjr3> hi
[15:57] <edunham> \o
[15:58] <carols10cents> erickt cancelled the meeting today everyone
[15:58] <edunham> oh ok
[15:59] * edunham adds "clarify educational outreach vision" to next week's agenda then
[15:59] <carols10cents> he's "busy" with "work" and there's "no agenda" or something
[15:59] <carols10cents> <3
[16:00] <jntrnr> booyaa: yup! Almost done with draft of write-up. Got sidetracked by ide support :)
[16:01] <hjr3> ok going back to my workshop talk!
[16:01] <edunham> fwiw jntrnr, brson, and I had a good chat with lucyeoh about what Moz is working on for university outreach yesterday
[16:01] * edunham reclaims meeting hour to prep Rust Arabic Gathering talk for this weekend
[16:01] <edunham> skade: did Moz end up booking you travel for that, or are we just having me do it?
[16:03] <skade> edunham: nope, I had not further communication (not unhappy, because of the travel involved)
[16:04] <skade> edunham: have you seen this? https://github.com/rust-community/team/issues/95#issuecomment-254249371
[16:06] <skade> because the code sprint is mostly focused on time zones, it might be a good idea to offer all infrastructure (people in the IRC channels, etc.) also to people on the african continent or middle east
[16:18] <booyaa|mobile> Hi! Sorry no scroll back since 1600
[16:19] <Manishearth> erickt: btw, SF from next week!
[16:19] <Manishearth> though next week i will be looking for a place and stuff
[16:19] <edunham> skade: oh good point... I'll be west coast US for all of November, but I'd be happy to make sure to be awake during the code sprint hours to help folks out
[16:19] <Manishearth> so next week I will not exist on the internets
[16:21] <skade> edunham: well, I was more thinking about spreading the word on the event in casablanca :)
[16:21] <skade> Manishearth: we built 3G for that
[16:25] <erickt> Manishearth: that's wonderful news! we should organize a dinner to celebrate
[16:25] <booyaa|noscrollback> jntrnr: I mentioned the effort to someone I met at my meetup last night. Is it too late for them to join in the programme? (Re: RLS - congrats btw)
[16:27] <jntrnr> booyaa|noscrollback: not too late. They can email jturner at mozilla dot com
[16:28] <jntrnr> But tone is short. I hope to have the draft finished soon
[16:28] <jntrnr> Time is short
[16:28] <edunham> skade: *oh*!
[16:29] <edunham> skade: what date/time were finalized for it?
[16:29] <edunham> (also location, also telecommute strategy for people who can't travel to $EUROPE)
[16:29] <skade> edunham: 19/20th, exact time is not fixed
[16:29] <skade> oh, it's meant as an event where people gather at their $LOCATION and then just hop on irc and work on tasks
[16:30] <edunham> skade: if a recommended time range could be committed to before Saturday, I'd have an easier time advertising it
[16:30] <skade> I'm writing a small document on that tomorrow, to pass around to people
[16:31] <edunham> awesome
[16:33] <skade> so, in any case, last day in london, we're heading out :)
[16:33] <booyaa|noscrollback> jntrnr: you have mail, thanks again!
[16:33] <skade> see you tomorrow :)
[16:33] <booyaa|noscrollback> skade: enjoy!
[16:33] <skade> edunham: thanks for helping out there \o/
[16:34] <booyaa|noscrollback> Hopefully not the last time you'll visit us!
[16:34] <skade> booyaa|noscrollback: nope
[16:34] <skade> probably around christmas for the next time, a friend is marrying
[16:35] <booyaa|noscrollback> Awesome maybe we'll get a chance to meetup properly I promise I won't force you to do another talk!
[16:35] <booyaa|noscrollback> Who needs znc when you have http://logs.glob.uno/?c=rust-community
[16:36] <edunham> skade: safe travels!
[16:37] <badboy> well, nothing wrong with giving a talk
[16:51] <booyaa> looks like colloquy ate my last message
[16:52] <booyaa> badboy: are you still interested in doing a talk next month?
[17:17] <badboy> nope, sorry
[17:18] <badboy> heading out for pittsburgh in half a week and when I get back I should probably get started with my thesis
[17:18] <booyaa> badboy: no worries
[17:56] <johannh> hoverbear: https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1087380
[18:08] <carols10cents> pittsburgh pittsburgh pittsburgh pittsburgh!!!!
[18:08] <badboy> that's a city I heard
[18:08] <chriskrycho> Three hours later, I *think* I finally finished updating this: https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/pull/1636
[18:08] <carols10cents> also fyi for any community team members, erickt has given me The Tablecloth, edunham has ordered stickers, and i will have large paper if anyone wants to help me run a community table
[18:09] <carols10cents> with whatever we want to do :)
[18:09] <chriskrycho> carols10cents, I specifically integrated your comments on release notes and ideas on how to make this work with the book
[18:09] <carols10cents> chriskrycho: yay!!!!!
[18:09] <chriskrycho> Now, someone just figure out how to give me an extra week out of the year to be able to go to Rust Belt Rust. :p
[18:09] <badboy> carols10cents: totally!
[18:09] <HedgeMage> This reminds me, edunham we must arrange for me to get my stickers from you and get money transmitted in your direction.
[18:09] <carols10cents> chriskrycho: quit your job!!! :) <3
[18:09] <chriskrycho> Hahahaha
[18:10] <chriskrycho> Then I'd have time but couldn't *afford* to go. :p
[18:10] <carols10cents> :P
[18:10] <carols10cents> excuses excuses
[18:10] <dikaiosune> carols10cents: has anyone volunteered for the job of pestering  you about talk videos?
[18:10] <badboy> carols10cents: I very much appreciate your engagement, but I actually think what works for erickt does not work for everyone.
[18:10] <dikaiosune> if not, i am  unable to attend but would happy  to fill that role
[18:10] <carols10cents> dikaiosune: ಠ_ಠ 
[18:11] <badboy> if anyone brings up conf videos I will personally punish them
[18:11] <dikaiosune> carols10cents: i'll take that as a "it's  covered"
[18:11] <carols10cents> i think i'll just send people other videos, like episodes of my little pony or something
[18:12] <badboy> carols10cents: we could make short videos ranting about people wanting conf videos
[18:12] <badboy> they do not need editing 
[18:12] <carols10cents> ahaha
[18:13] <carols10cents> need to get lewis black to be like "hey internet, you're getting this shit for FREE you didn't even GO to the conference"
[18:15] <badboy> well, we should intensify the ranting
[18:15] <badboy> like the first one still a "videos are coming soon *smile*"
[18:15] <badboy> and up from there
[18:16] <mbrubeck> second one is a rickroll
[18:17] <badboy> or ... is it?
[18:48] <hoverbear> badboy: I maintain videos shall be delayed half a day each time someone asks
[19:08] <erickt> carols10cents: hahaha
[20:21] <excaliburHisSheath> I don't know if anyone's online now, but I have a question for the community team: Would you say that increasing diversity and representation of underrepresented groups within the Rust community is a goal of the community team?
[20:24] <carols10cents> excaliburHisSheath: yes!
[20:24] <HedgeMage> excaliburHisSheath: I am NOT a member of the community team, but I would hope that their goal is to increase the Rust community by making it welcoming to EVERYONE who wants to work with Rust and not playing demographic games.
[20:25] <carols10cents> See aturon's post about rust's 2017 vision https://internals.rust-lang.org/t/setting-our-vision-for-the-2017-cycle/3958
[20:25] <carols10cents> namely "Outreach and mentoring is also one of the best avenues for increasing diversity in the project, which, as the survey demonstrates, has a lot of room for improvement."
[20:25] <carols10cents> One of the community team's current efforts in this direction is https://github.com/rust-community/rustbridge
[20:26] <carols10cents> in the style of http://railsbridge.org/
[20:28] <booyaa> the rustbridge ppl hang out on #rustbridge agenda items can be added to the main community meeting on weds 4pm utc https://github.com/rust-community/team/issues
[20:28] <booyaa> the agenda is usually announced a day before
[20:28] <booyaa> excaliburHisSheath: ^
[20:29] <excaliburHisSheath> :D I'm happy to hear, that's really reassuring.
[20:33] <excaliburHisSheath> So I'm running into some anti-diversity arguments on /r/rust: https://www.reddit.com/r/rust/comments/589563/how_can_we_preserve_our_friendly_rust_community/
[20:33] <excaliburHisSheath> It's kind of distressing to hear that kind of push back. Any advice on how to address it?
[20:36] <simulacrum> Manishearth: ^ (mod-team related)
[20:36] <HedgeMage> excaliburHisSheath: If you'd like to take this conversation to PM, I'll oblige, but given the inflammatory nature I'd rather not have it in here.
[20:56] <steveklabnik> excaliburHisSheath: that thread is very unusual overall
[21:10] <excaliburHisSheath> steveklabnik: I agree. I like that the Rust community generally seems to be *for* openness and increased diversity, so having such an immediately negative response worries me.
