it's time!
5:00 PM oh it's happy meeting time

5:00 PM 
<booyaa> 
yay!

5:00 PM 
<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
that's the spirit
5:00 PM hello everyone! it's time for your favorite meeting time
5:01 PM here's our agenda: https://github.com/rust-community/team/issues/37
5:01 PM we got a few things on our schedule.
5:01 PM skade / skade_: you in yet?

5:01 PM 
<skade> 
hello!

5:01 PM 
<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
great!

5:01 PM 
<skade> 
yep, I'm here

5:02 PM 
<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
so lets start off with the survey data

5:02 PM 
<hjr3> 
hi everyone

5:02 PM 
<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
skade has a data scientist friend that wants to help out with the survey
5:03 PM I'm fine with this, and trust skade's opinion, but I'm realizing we probably should have been a bit more official with tracking who outside of the core and community team has access to it
5:04 PM so what do you all think about us having a little email form that just says that the person getting access promises not to:
5:04 PM err

5:04 PM 
<•skade_> 
Yeah, the trust part is pretty simple (it's my partner), but I agree with erickt that we should have tracking about that and maybe not export all details of it, just an opaque ID for most of it

5:05 PM 
<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
1) not share raw results  and 2) checks with us first before sharing anything they produce
5:05 PM +1

5:05 PM 
<booyaa> 
sounds good

5:05 PM 
<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
the idea was we just do this through an email, and they send a reply saying they agree. are there any other requirements we ought to have?

5:05 PM 
<•Manishearth> 
+1

5:06 PM 
<skade> 
yeah, that sounds reasonable

5:07 PM 
<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
great. I'll draft up something and send it out, unless someone wants to do that now
5:07 PM the second thing, which skade touched upon, is that we got some personally identifiable information (PII)

5:07 PM 
<bstrie> 
yes, let's be controlled about this and have a paper trail

5:08 PM 
<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
like email addresses that we should filter out
5:08 PM before handing off our dataset

5:09 PM 
<skade> 
yeah, also, they are not very interesting for the data analysis part anyways

5:09 PM 
<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
then we have some sensitive demographic info that could potentially be useful to help identify interesting topics for rustbridge talks
5:09 PM but it's quite sensitive
5:10 PM when you correlate that with regions, and the freetext that people have entered in, it might still be possible to identify an entry
5:10 PM so should we also filter out this info, and just do that analysis ourselves?
5:11 PM or should we trust experts that might have better experience with this data?
5:11 PM and to be responsible about not leaking information?

5:12 PM 
<bstrie> 
erickt: what proportion of the survey is freeform text?

5:12 PM 
<skade> 
Well, people already handed that in to an org without any legal structure, so I'd assume they are okay with "in trust"

5:12 PM 
<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
bstrie: so much freeform text
5:13 PM skade: that's true. I think I'd be okay sharing this info as long as we anonymize the email

5:14 PM 
<skade> 
yeah, no use in sending around a spam list
5:14 PM we still should get a written agreement from people getting access to the dataset

5:14 PM 
<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
think an email agreement would be sufficient?

5:15 PM 
<hjr3> 
is the written agreement is to set expectations? is there is any enforcement to this agreement?

5:15 PM 
<skade> 
hjr3 who would enforce it?

5:15 PM 
<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
hjr3: to be honest I'm not sure. we could ban a bad actor from the community

5:15 PM 
<skade> 
there's no legal entity owning the data :)

5:16 PM 
<hjr3> 
right, i am trying to understand what we are hoping to get from the agreement

5:16 PM 
<skade> 
well, writing things down makes sure everyone knows what the agreement was

5:16 PM 
<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
hjr3: in my opinion, it's mainly to make sure we can make sure anyone accessing the data knows what we don't want them to do with it
5:17 PM so preventing accidental, rather than malicious use of the data

5:18 PM 
<hjr3> 
that makes sense to me. as this agreement is to make sure we are all clear, i think we should definitely anonymize email address

5:18 PM 
<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
do we think we need to anonymize regional information?
5:19 PM like genericizing "San Francisco" into "United States"?

5:19 PM 
<skade> 
I don't think so
5:19 PM → carols10cents joined (carols10cen@moz-8ag.hiq.28.4.IP)
5:19 PM 
— •erickt waves at carols10cents

5:19 PM 
<skade> 
we could, if we wanted to, but it's a rabbit hole
5:19 PM 
— carols10cents waves

5:19 PM 
<carols10cents> 
sorry i'm late, i was seeing rust* in a parade!!

5:19 PM 
<hjr3> 
i agree with skade. i think it is fine to keep in

5:20 PM 
<carols10cents> 
*the hockey player

5:20 PM 
<skade> 
we could chop it off, i don't see many queries of the kind "how many people haven't tried rust in philly"?

5:20 PM 
<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
I've scanned through the entries, and it seems to be just as specific as the city
5:20 PM carols10cents: hehe
5:21 PM I can't think of any other fields we should expect PII
5:21 PM but I haven't scanned through the freetext
5:22 PM jntrnr: did, and I don't think he said he saw anything

5:22 PM 
<booyaa> 
PII?

5:22 PM 
<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
personally identifiable information

5:22 PM 
<booyaa> 
ah thanks

5:22 PM 
<carols10cents> 
i think we should chop off demographic information
5:22 PM and analyze it separately from freetext/other answers

5:23 PM 
<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
like email, or sufficiently precise info that we could identify someone

5:23 PM 
<carols10cents> 
like, disassociate the rows
5:23 PM location, language, gender, race/ethnicity

5:23 PM 
<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
ah, languages that people speak is also one

5:23 PM 
<carols10cents> 
ya

5:23 PM 
<bstrie> 
is there a typical protocol for anonymizing these sorts of things

5:24 PM 
<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
bstrie: HIPAA has extensive rules about this for medical info
5:24 PM it might be a tad extreme here
5:24 PM huon: you awake?

5:24 PM 
<dikaiosune> 
(lurking, here are the identifiers HIPAA asks to remove) https://med.stanford.edu/irt/security/hipaa.html

5:24 PM 
<skade> 
bstrie I used to research that for a project tracking ebola sickness data on the african continent

5:24 PM 
<carols10cents> 
yeah i dont think we need anything super formal

5:25 PM 
<skade> 
we wanted to anonymise a dataset for public release and asked an expert and he was just like "don't" :)

5:25 PM 
<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
dikaiosune: thanks!

5:25 PM 
<skade> 
full disassociation is the only thing he suggested as being halfway safe

5:25 PM 
<carols10cents> 
but if i was trying to identify a particular person, or any particular person's answers, i'd want the demographics associated with them

5:25 PM 
<skade> 
well, we still have the table to look up in the and

5:26 PM 
<carols10cents> 
but unless someone put in their free text answers "i'm the largest contributor to x library" it'd be tough to identify anyone without them

5:26 PM 
<dikaiosune> 
(or rather, the identifiers that stanford lawyers have said is enough to anonymize, it's what we use here)

5:26 PM 
<carols10cents> 
i guess this would all be moot though if we're only publicly releasing graphs of aggregates, not any raw data though?

5:27 PM 
<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
carols10cents: well the ultimate risk is I believe it only takes 33 bits of info to uniquely identify a person: https://33bits.org/

5:27 PM 
<skade> 
yes, public release should be the aggregates only

5:27 PM 
<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
+1

5:27 PM 
<carols10cents> 
ok then!

5:27 PM 
<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
this is more about what we clean up before giving skade's partner access.

5:28 PM 
<hjr3> 
right
5:28 PM i think we are extending some trust to skade's partner

5:28 PM 
<skade> 
yeah, still, she's not part of the org and I'm no fan of exceptions, either :)
5:29 PM okay, 30 minutes in

5:29 PM 
<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
:) ok is everyone okay if we just strip emails and get an agreement?

5:29 PM 
<carols10cents> 
+1

5:29 PM 
<booyaa> 
+1

5:29 PM 
<skade> 
+1

5:29 PM 
<•brson> 
+1

5:29 PM 
<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
great
5:30 PM for pratical implementation, we can give your partner access to the github info, but we've leaked the actual dataset in the repo
5:30 PM so we can clean up the repo and git history before giving them access

5:30 PM 
<hjr3> 
+
5:30 PM +1

5:30 PM 
<bstrie> 
sure

5:31 PM 
<skade> 
jep, these are old extracts anyways

5:31 PM 
<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
ok next topic
5:31 PM we had our staggered meeting last week, and we didn't have much turnout at all :(

5:32 PM 
<•brson> 
i just keep forgetting about meetings that i don't have gcal invites too
5:32 PM *to
5:32 PM sorry :(

5:32 PM 
<carols10cents> 
would an email the... day before? an hour before? help us get used to it?

5:32 PM 
<hjr3> 
i think we need an extra reminder for the new time

5:32 PM 
<skade> 
Yeah, I also realised to late that there was Rust Berlin happening and we ha team members in town :/

5:32 PM 
<carols10cents> 
brson: they're on the community calendar, and then you can copy it to your own calendar

5:32 PM 
<hjr3> 
and maybe another "marketing" email? that is how i started joining

5:33 PM 
<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
but that's just part of the problem, we also need to recruit people in the pacific timezone to attend

5:33 PM 
<skade> 
I think some form of reminder would help

5:33 PM 
<carols10cents> 
yeah we should get steveklabnik to tweet about it the day before too
5:33 PM and say we'd like people on that side of the world to join

5:33 PM 
<•brson> 
carols10cents: i'm setting up a recurring mtng on my own cal

5:33 PM 
<bstrie> 
yes, I was unclear what time the meeting was going to be at

5:33 PM 
<skade> 
do we have a social media suite for all that stuff? tweetdeck etc?

5:33 PM 
<carols10cents> 
bstrie: it's 10pm wednesday for us

5:33 PM 
<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
and we can explicitly mail the meetup organizers
5:34 PM skade: I don't think so, but I think steveklabnik is physically wired into twitter

5:34 PM 
<carols10cents> 
bstrie: i can send you a reminder text for that too ;)

5:34 PM 
<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
and just thinks his tweets

5:34 PM 
<booyaa> 
that'd be a good idea, it's a shame you can't do a rsvp in the mail too. so you can get an idea of attendance

5:34 PM 
<skade> 
It's nice that steveklabnik does it all, but I worry about the scalability. Also sure about the wiring :)

5:35 PM 
<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
:) we could consider trying to scale up the rust twitter account to the rest of the team

5:35 PM 
<carols10cents> 
can we table that to discuss with steveklabnik ?

5:35 PM 
<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
yeah

5:35 PM 
<skade> 
yep
5:35 PM nothing to sort out in a hurry

5:36 PM 
<bstrie> 
carols10cents: at some point I'm just going to hire you as my secretary :P

5:36 PM 
<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
ok so agenda, we'll ask steve to help tweet our meetings, and mail the meetup organizers, and maybe start posting meeting reminders to urlo

5:36 PM 
<bstrie> 
or maybe you can have a site of your own, carols10cents-as-a-service

5:36 PM 
<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
lol

5:36 PM 
<carols10cents> 
bstrie: can i put that on my resume? ;)
5:36 PM maybe i'll hire you a virtual assistant and outsource myself

5:37 PM 
<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
carols10cents: I think this bstrie person I know might be available for that

5:37 PM 
<bstrie> 
anyway, yes, let's have a central resource where we can remind ourselves of meeting dates

5:37 PM 
<carols10cents> 
oooooooooo i smell an overengineered twillio service i couldu write

5:37 PM 
<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
bstrie: I think I get reminders from google though
5:37 PM I think you can set it up to send you a notification
5:37 PM at least I could on my phone

5:38 PM 
<bstrie> 
erickt: google calendar? do we have a central one that we could all subscribe to?

5:38 PM 
<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
but anyway we can work on that after the meeting
5:38 PM bstrie: its' on teh community calendar
5:38 PM bstrie: https://www.google.com/calendar/embed?src=apd9vmbc22egenmtu5l6c5jbfc@group.calendar.google.com
5:38 PM anyway next topic

5:38 PM 
<carols10cents> 
bstrie: you might have to copy the invite to your own calendar

5:38 PM 
<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
any updates on rustbridge?

5:39 PM 
<hjr3> 
(stepping out - thanks everyone!)

5:39 PM 
<skade> 
I do love pushover by the way: https://pushover.net/ if someone wants to overengineer a solution

5:39 PM 
<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
thanks hjr3!

5:39 PM 
<steveklabnik> 
hi

5:39 PM 
<skade> 
bye hjr3!
5:39 PM soo, rustbridge
5:40 PM I assume you have seen the emails, which were basically "go ahead, follow the tutorial".

5:40 PM 
<steveklabnik> 
i am just walking in, sorry

5:40 PM 
<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
skade: I did!

5:40 PM 
<carols10cents> 
hi steveklabnik i just gave you an action item https://github.com/rust-community/team/issues/37#issuecomment-226245767

5:40 PM 
<steveklabnik> 
sweeeeeeet

5:40 PM 
<booyaa> 
i didn't, where do we subscribe to see the email?

5:40 PM 
<skade> 
we had a discussion a couple of people in person at Rust Berlin last week, also including Julia Evans

5:41 PM 
<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
nice! julia is great

5:41 PM 
<skade> 
booyaa rust-community@rust-lang.org mailing list, someone should add you if you want.
5:41 PM (just on an advisory role)
5:41 PM (Julia)

5:41 PM 
<booyaa> 
ah yes please ms@booyaa.org

5:42 PM 
<skade> 
So, I think we are rather set, we should make sure people start working on some stuff. Would anyone like to take point there? Otherwise, I'd try.
5:42 PM also, johannh will try to catch larissa at the mozilla workweek to find out what parts mozilla can fund
5:43 PM also, I added a small document on what the website needs (not much)

5:44 PM 
<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
skade: I'm not confident on my free time yet (but it's getting better!) so do you want to take ownership on that and I'll try to second you?

5:45 PM 
<skade> 
I can, but I have a couple of other teams to manage :D

5:45 PM 
<bstrie> 
erickt: I just added a notification to the community team meeting event on google calendar so that it will ping me before meetings, please go through and make sure that I didn't somehow make that happen for literally everyone subscribed to the calendar

5:45 PM 
<skade> 
my favourite way would be to find one of the rustbridge people to do that themselves *couch* :)

5:45 PM 
<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
heh. well anyone else want to take a lead on this?
5:45 PM hehe
5:46 PM bstrie: I don't see anything in the calendar
5:46 PM so you should be good

5:46 PM 
<bstrie> 
erickt: as long as I don't have editing rights to the calendar, which I hope I don't have :P
5:47 PM also I'm too busy to take point on any more initiatives at the moment

5:47 PM 
<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
bstrie: I think you and the rest of the community team have access :p

5:47 PM 
<bstrie> 
oh god, the responsibility

5:47 PM 
<johannh> 
we really need to start doing the workshops

5:47 PM 
<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
+1

5:47 PM 
<skade> 
Okay, as we don't have any other option, I'll try to meet people and get something rolling

5:47 PM 
<johannh> 
I think people have a lot of good ideas but they're all very sophisticated

5:48 PM 
<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
carols10cents mentioned having a bridge-ish event at rust belt rust

5:48 PM 
<carols10cents> 
yep. working on a space... so october

5:48 PM 
<skade> 
yeah, same for rustfest, ist rustconf planning something there?

5:48 PM 
<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
and I think we can try to advertise the rustconf tutorial as part of this workshop
5:48 PM the rustconf is having a day for tutorials
5:49 PM 1/2 day on beginner, then a 1/2 for advanced topics

5:49 PM 
<johannh> 
erickt: do you have workshop material yet?

5:49 PM 
<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
or intermediate topics
5:49 PM johannh: we have tutorial materials

5:49 PM 
<johannh> 
and who is it aimed at? people who can program already?

5:49 PM 
<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
I think it does assume some programming experience
5:49 PM niko's tutorials, that is

5:50 PM 
<johannh> 
I think that's what we're struggling most with, correct me if I'm wrong, when we talked about it we said it would be ideal if we had a track that enabled people with no or not much prior experience to participate

5:50 PM 
<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
are the *bridge workshops usually oriented to brand new programmers?

5:50 PM 
<carols10cents> 
usually

5:50 PM 
<skade> 
erickt yes

5:50 PM 
<carols10cents> 
the email mentioned clojurebridge though

5:50 PM 
<skade> 
maybe some very little experience.

5:51 PM 
<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
steveklabnik: do you have any materials appropriate for this?

5:51 PM 
<carols10cents> 
and that it's aimed at people with some programming language, but people without any experience have attended and done okay

5:51 PM 
<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
or is everything you've done require some technical experience?

5:52 PM 
<steveklabnik> 
erickt: not specifically
5:52 PM i have been focused on existing programmers
5:52 PM and hasn't given me time to do a "new to programming" tutorial

5:52 PM 
<skade> 
see https://github.com/rust-community/rustbridge/issues/6 for a deeper discussion of this
5:53 PM Well, I think it scales better if we find _other_ people to do that, it also gets them up to speed with doc-writing
5:53 PM 
— johannh still favors a small game tutorial

5:53 PM 
<steveklabnik> 
yes

5:53 PM 
<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
yeah, steveklabnik can't write all our docs :)

5:53 PM 
<steveklabnik> 
"steve doesn't scale :p"

5:54 PM 
<carols10cents> 
game += 1

5:54 PM 
<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
carols10cents: do you already have a workshop tutorial in mind?

5:54 PM 
<•Manishearth> 
game++

5:54 PM 
<carols10cents> 
and i would love to help writing these, but i dont want to commit to leading it :-/

5:54 PM 
<skade> 
johannh i like that, but does someone have a good (custom) framework at hand that runs on all mayor platforms?

5:54 PM 
<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
oh! so wycats actually has been working on a text-adventure tutorial
5:54 PM we could turn that into a workshop
5:54 PM 
— johannh runs away crying

5:55 PM 
<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
i'll talk to him about his timeline for it

5:55 PM 
<booyaa> 
pretty certain i've seen a terminal based interacive fiction crate

5:55 PM 
<carols10cents> 
considering i kinda started that like last feb and have made very little progress since then https://github.com/carols10cents/game-dev
5:55 PM skade: piston?

5:55 PM 
<bstrie> 
piston is a bit complex for a first project

5:55 PM 
<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
https://github.com/tildeio/learning-rust

5:55 PM 
<bstrie> 
my experience with it has not been particularly beginner-friendly

5:55 PM 
<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
^ what wycats has been working on

5:55 PM 
<skade> 
well, we could write a wrapper around piston

5:56 PM 
<carols10cents> 
bstrie: can we talk about this on an issue

5:56 PM 
<johannh> 
yes text-based is nice but we want to show off what rust can potentially do really well as a systems language

5:56 PM 
<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
we're nearly done with our time. has rustbridge scheduled the next meeting?

5:56 PM 
<carols10cents> 
like https://github.com/rust-community/rustbridge/issues/2
5:56 PM → llogiq joined (andre@moz-ara68n.hsi14.unitymediagroup.de)

5:57 PM 
<llogiq> 
Hi folks. Sorry for being so latr
5:57 PM late.

5:57 PM 
<•Manishearth> 
o/ llogiq 

5:57 PM 
<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
:)

5:57 PM 
<llogiq> 
My train was delayed. :-/

5:57 PM 
<skade> 
hi o/

5:57 PM 
<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
how about the bridge meeting takes place next wednesday at this time, at 4pm UTC?

5:57 PM 
<llogiq> 
Hi Slade, Manish, erickt

5:57 PM 
<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
since I know this slot will be free then :)
5:58 PM alright well I'll organize that then :)
5:59 PM anything else? booyaa do you want to talk about mentoring?

5:59 PM 
<•Manishearth> 
oh yes mentoring

5:59 PM 
<skade> 
well, I can try :)

5:59 PM 
<•Manishearth> 
so I had a plan before to make the community mentor more
6:00 PM explicitly provide a place where you can offer to mentor and ask to be mentored

6:00 PM 
<booyaa> 
erickt: yes please

6:00 PM 
<•Manishearth> 
or list people willing to mentor
6:00 PM but not many potential mentors signed up. this might change now

6:00 PM 
<johannh> 
mentoring in what sense?

6:00 PM 
<booyaa> 
thanks skade saw your link about will do some investigation https://rorganize.it
6:01 PM i added an item about pair coding

6:01 PM 
<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
rustbridge meeting: https://github.com/rust-community/rustbridge/issues/7

6:02 PM 
<steveklabnik> 
i gotta run
6:02 PM <3 all

6:02 PM 
<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
Manishearth: you could start a thread on urlo

6:02 PM 
<•Manishearth> 
johannh: any type
6:03 PM johannh: contributing to $library, learning rust, etc

6:03 PM 
<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
who wants to attend the rustbridge meeting? I added florian and carol, who else do we need to cc?
6:04 PM → malayaleecoder joined (uid139674@moz-k1ar3t.brockwell.irccloud.com)

6:04 PM 
<booyaa> 
me please

6:04 PM 
<skade> 
@erickt the whole team under rustbridge

6:04 PM 
<booyaa> 
when do you meet?

6:04 PM 
<•Manishearth> 
booyaa: I might write up a thing about mentoring
6:04 PM for community, and we can iterate on that

6:05 PM 
<booyaa> 
Manishearth: thank you

6:05 PM 
<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
skade: ok

6:05 PM 
<johannh> 
Manishearth: it definitely sounds like a good plan :)

6:05 PM 
<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
ack, google won't let me modify the invite
6:06 PM well I need to get running
6:06 PM thank you all so much!
6:06 PM <3
