16:57 < jntrnr> t-minus 3 mins
16:59 < locks> where be the agenda
16:59 < jntrnr> locks: https://github.com/rust-community/team/issues/52
17:00 < jntrnr> Let's begin!
17:00 < jntrnr> I and Manishearth are "Vice-Erick" today
17:00 < jntrnr> since he's out
17:01 < jntrnr> Who's here?
17:01 < badboy> I am here.
17:01 <@Manishearth> o/
17:01 < badboy> (though on the way to the cologne meetup)
17:01 < jntrnr> brson said he was here a few minutes ago
17:01  * edunham here
17:02  * frewsxcv is observing
17:02  * Manishearth observes frewsxcv
17:02 < jntrnr> I know aturon is also out
17:02  * frewsxcv puts on his Cloak of Invisibility
17:02 <@Manishearth> is booyaa here?
17:02 < jntrnr> carols10cents, bstrie, burntsushi, or mbrubeck?
17:03 < jntrnr> skade?
17:03 <@Manishearth> We're missing all the rustbridge people afaict
17:04 <@Manishearth> so the first agenda item should be pushed to next week I guess? unless one of them turns up
17:04 < jntrnr> Manishearth: hmm.  We could skip that part of the agenda until they show
17:04 < jntrnr> yeah
17:04 < edunham> +1 ^
17:04 <@bstrie> looks like brson owns the rest of the agenda :)
17:04 <@brson> lol sorry
17:05 <@brson> ok first, 'announcing new friends'
17:05 <@brson> this is quick
17:05 <@brson> we've got this friends page, and a slow trickle of companies adding themselves to it, but we don't do much with it
17:05 <@brson> i'm afraid their contributions will get lost and feel unappreciated, so thinking about escalating them somehow
17:06 <@brson> discussed this in channel earlier this week, and the suggestion was to put them in twir some how
17:06 < jntrnr> +1
17:06 < edunham> it'd be great if everyone adding themself included a blog post on how they're using Rust, so we could just link that
17:06 <@brson> which seems ok, so considering just making them a line-item in twir somewhere, but we could also have a section to really call it out
17:06 < jntrnr> edunham: yeah, we could encourage them to do that when they file the PR
17:06 <@Manishearth> brson: maybe a section once a month?
17:06 < edunham> it'd also hit a broader audience to tweet about it from @rustlang
17:06 <@brson> edunham: ah yeah, that provides could reason to mention it
17:07 < jntrnr> we could also call out the friends from the front page
17:07 <@brson> edunham: also a good idea
17:07 < jntrnr> so more people can see it's there
17:07 < frewsxcv> For what it's worth, I've attempted to find it on the rust-lang.org website a few times over the past month and I always struggle to find it
17:07 <@brson> jntrnr: it is probably time to start thinking about how to make it more discoverable yeah
17:07 <@brson> frewsxcv: yep. there are a few pages like that on the site
17:07 < frewsxcv> Same goes for the teams page
17:08 <@brson> i don't think i personally can do that design work right now
17:08 < frewsxcv> Maybe not teams actually. There was something else I was trying to find recently
17:08 < edunham> I think a link from the community page would make sense for the friends page -- "who's using Rust?"
17:08 <@Manishearth> jntrnr: like a little section with 3 randomly-chosen friends?
17:08 < jntrnr> Manishearth: yeah, I think that'd work well
17:09 < hjr3> im here, sorry im late
17:09 < jntrnr> hjr3: no worries :)
17:10 < jntrnr> edunham: I think that's also a good idea
17:10 < jntrnr> we can problem have a few ways to get to it
17:10 < edunham> looks like we're only telling companies to PR in a tiny blurb at the bottom of the friends page; I wonder if that's enough to draw the attention of everyone who should know
17:11 < edunham> perhaps include it with the TWIR section
17:11 <@brson> community page is easy, i'll open that bug and ask for help on it
17:11 < jntrnr> I'm hoping if we have, say, three random ones on the front page that it'll encourage more companies to promote their use via the friends page
17:11 < jntrnr> brson: how does Manishearth's idea of the 3 random friends on the front page sound?
17:12 <@brson> jntrnr: it sounds fine, but as has always been the case i'm picky about the front page and adding additional content will make it go below the fold
17:12 <@brson> which it never has
17:12 <@brson> could be big design work
17:12 <@brson> i'll open a bug about it and start soliciting help anyway
17:12 < jntrnr> brson: +1
17:13 <@brson> i'll also add an item to my twir checklist to update friends, and monthly roll them up into a friends section
17:13 < edunham> (fold's quite subjective based on screen size)
17:13 <@brson> unless somebody else wants that
17:13 < jntrnr> sounds good
17:13 <@brson> next?
17:13 < jntrnr> yup
17:13 <@brson> ok this is the big one
17:13 < edunham> if it's too hard to fit 3 friends on the front page, we could also consider having a featured friend each day. That might also encourage the featured company to promote Rust more than if it was random.
17:14 <@brson> mozilla is ramping up its rust commitments
17:14 < jntrnr> edunham: and it could use their blurb of how they use Rust to promote their project
17:14 < jntrnr> sorry go on :)
17:14 <@brson> and sort of out of nowhere the participation team has launched an effort to mobilize *their* comunity to learn/contribute to rust
17:15 <@brson> links are in the agenda
17:15 <@brson> these things tend to be driven by the 'mozilla reps' program
17:16 < hjr3> are any of the companies on the friends page hiring people to help on those projects? seems like there could be some synergy there
17:16 <@brson> i want to emphasize that they fully appreciate that rust is its own community, and very intentionally so; they don't want to step on our toes
17:16 <@bstrie> brson: who makes up the community of the participation team?
17:16 <@bstrie> is it primarily gecko contributors?
17:16 < jntrnr> bstrie: like who is their audience?
17:16 <@brson> bstrie: i'm not very clued in, but my understanding is that the 'participation team' is an ubrella for a variety of outreach efforts
17:17 <@brson> they do a variety of things to forward mozilla's objectives, whatever they are
17:17 <@brson> as an example, during firefox os era they were promoting that
17:17 <@brson> now they have a lot of resources to redirect to something else :)
17:18 <@Manishearth> bstrie: the majority of the community is non-programmers
17:18 <@brson> if you look at https://activate.mozilla.community/ you can see a bit about what they are thinking
17:18 <@brson> this 'activate mozilla' is a single new program from the participation team
17:18 <@brson> not the totality of what they do
17:18 <@Manishearth> or people who are not in the community to program (but may be programmers otherwise)
17:18 <@Manishearth> bstrie: a lot of the stuff they do is about promoting web literacy, privacy, encryption, etc
17:19 <@Manishearth> firefox os, as brian said, was one major push of theirs. getting it tested by people, evangelism, etc
17:19 <@brson> so you can see their rust effort, as they've currently conceptualized it, is about getting people to learn rust https://activate.mozilla.community/developer-engagement/rust-hack
17:19 <@Manishearth> the Indian subcommunity has always been pretty excited about rust
17:19 < edunham> AIUI they also work with a global team of volunteers, like student and regional reps, to put on various programs
17:19 <@Manishearth> yes
17:19 <@Manishearth> Firefox Student Ambassadors
17:19 < jntrnr> brson: so this sounds like great news.  Do they have ways we can help them?
17:20 <@brson> it is amazing news
17:20 <@Manishearth> IIRC that program was largely meant to bolster the fxos stuff, so I'm not sure how active it is now.
17:20 <@brson> it's a huge opportunity for us
17:20 <@brson> and istm it's important this goes well for them and for us
17:20 <@Manishearth> yes
17:20 <@brson> so i don't know exactly what *we* should do about it yet, but it's important that it's on our radar
17:21 < booyaa> o/
17:21 <@Manishearth> probably switchboarding? They'll need to connect with local rustaceans, we often know who those people are
17:21 < jntrnr> +1
17:21 <@brson> if you followed the email thread from brian king (our participation team contact on this), i suggested that rust-community@ was *the* place to go  for their reps to find expert rustaceans
17:21 <@Manishearth> yep
17:22 <@brson> that discourse https://discourse.mozilla-community.org/ link is where they organize and i'd *expect* the program to be announced there
17:23 <@brson> once they ramp up we might consider how to alert our commumnity to what they are doing and help, haven't thought it through very far
17:23 <@brson> ok, that's everything i wanted to convey on that front
17:23 <@Manishearth> yeah
17:23 < jntrnr> great, thanks brson
17:23 <@Manishearth> one thing
17:23 <@Manishearth> brson: I'd like to try and keep the rest of the community engaged/involved from a relatively early stage
17:24 <@brson> sgtm
17:25 <@Manishearth> this has worked well for other things the participation folks have done like firefox code contributions -- whereas many participation events are not directly tied to the programmer communities, these are closely tied and work well
17:25 < edunham> we can also put them in touch with local rust meetups when appropriate :)
17:25 <@Manishearth> yep
17:25 <@Manishearth> I'm wary of basically "two" communities forming
17:26 < jntrnr> love it
17:26 < jntrnr> yeah, good instincts Manishearth
17:26 <@Manishearth> alright, next point?
17:26 < jntrnr> t-shirts!
17:26 < edunham> brson: what kind of t-shirts?
17:26 <@brson> this is related to the last. participation team wants rust swag
17:26 <@brson> but need it fast
17:27 <@brson> we've got lots of sticker options, no t-shirts
17:27 <@brson> except 1.0, but those are too old to be cool
17:27 < jntrnr> do we have anyone who can turn out a t-shirt design?
17:27 < jntrnr> who did the 1.0 t-shirt?
17:27 <@brson> that was tilde, but the design process there is lengthy. we should do something simple
17:27 < jntrnr> agreed
17:27 <@brson> take the logo and put it on a black shirt in a way that looks simple and classy
17:28 <@brson> etc
17:28 < jntrnr> I'm good with that
17:28 < edunham> why do they want t-shirts? is there any other item with equivalent swag value that doesn't have the sizing issues of shirts?
17:28 <@brson> put it on one of those sites that has a global distribution network
17:28 <@Manishearth> edunham++
17:28 < jntrnr> would be nice in parallel to have an official shirt
17:28 <@brson> edunham: they also suggested it would be good to have a swag item that is uniquely rusty
17:28 <@brson> but i have no ideas
17:28 <@brson> some cool trinket
17:28 < jntrnr> hmm
17:28 < edunham> a multitool or mending kit would be pretty appropriate
17:29 < jntrnr> the Rust swiss army knife?
17:29 <@Manishearth> that sounds like C++
17:29 < edunham> multitools tend to be expensive and varyingly legal to ship around, though leatherman makes a $20 TSA-approved one
17:29 <@brson> sounds expensive
17:29 < jntrnr> necklace?
17:29 < jntrnr> with the logo?
17:29 < edunham> USB battery with the logo on it?
17:30 < edunham> socks?
17:30 < jntrnr> haha
17:30  * jntrnr would wear Rust socks
17:30 < hjr3> oh i like socks
17:30 <@Manishearth> My favorite piece of swag is a coffee mug that looks like a beaker, from Chemistry Stack Exchange. Something useful but unique like that would be cool. If expensive
17:30 <@Manishearth> socks are a good idea
17:30 < booyaa> socks and coffee cups!
17:30 < edunham> socks were super in at oscon this year, as you can get them in one-size-fits-most
17:30 <@Manishearth> yep
17:30 < jntrnr> sweet
17:31 < edunham> I'd <3 a coffee cup printed with some kind of Rust command reference
17:31 < jntrnr> edunham: that sounds like a fun one to design
17:31 < edunham> or even community reference
17:31 < edunham> I'd design that :)
17:31 < jntrnr> does anyone want to take up the Rust socks idea?
17:31 < hjr3> Option<cream>
17:31 <@Manishearth> edunham: Option<Tea>
17:31 < jntrnr> haha
17:31 <@Manishearth> pronounced T
17:31 < booyaa> try!(coffee_machine::brew())
17:32 < jntrnr> obviously we need a mug too apparently :D
17:32 < booyaa> would the socks have the logo embroided on ankle? or printed?
17:32 < edunham> looks like custom standard socks with a knitted-in design run around $7-8 per pair, http://www.customsockshop.com/shop/custom-made-socks/corporate-casual/, not sure what quantity
17:33 <@bstrie> brson: could print up a quick batch of stickers, using either the rustlang logo or the rustacean
17:33 <@bstrie> btw we need a community sticker fund :)
17:33 < booyaa> that's a point we've got a mascot don't we
17:33 < booyaa> the little crab
17:33 < jntrnr> edunham: do you want to file an issue for the cup and/or socks?
17:33 < edunham> jntrnr: ok
17:34 < jntrnr> we can brainstorm/price them out
17:34 < hjr3> we have the black rustacean shirt too
17:34 < edunham> oh and I specc'd out Rustacean plushies; production cost would run around $10 each in quantities of 500-1,000
17:34 <@brson> bstrie: i don't know if we need to physically print anything for them (there's going to be events all over the world). maybe better to make them available online so they can deal with it themselves
17:34 <@brson> if you haven't seen it this is badass https://www.stickermule.com/marketplace/14448-oxidation
17:35 < edunham> nice!
17:35 < hjr3> i like that
17:35 <@Manishearth> edunham: there are services which make these things in bulk? nice
17:35 <@brson> hjr3: do you have the rustacean shirt link?
17:36 <@Manishearth> oooo nice
17:36 <@brson> i can forward that to brian king
17:36 < hjr3> brson sure one sec
17:36 <@brson> (though nobody likes the back of that shirt)
17:36 <@brson> does anybody want to take an the task of setting up a simple rust t-shirt on some t-shirt website within the next week and a half?
17:36 < hjr3> brson https://teespring.com/shop/programmer-tshirts/rustacean#pid=2&cid=2397&sid=front
17:36 <@brson> thanks
17:37 <@brson> teespring looks like a good option :)
17:37 <@brson> assume they ship globally?
17:37 < hjr3> im not sure who set that up
17:37 < hjr3> i believe so
17:38 < edunham> they're a good place for people to buy their own shirts, less great for an organization to buy giveaway shirts in bulk
17:38 <@brson> huh
17:38 <@brson> why?
17:38 <@brson> do you know an option that serves both cases well?
17:39 < edunham> brson: it's just more expensive to get bulk shirts there than someplace like customink.
17:39 <@brson> ok, i'll keep that as an option too
17:39 < hjr3> yes, teespring has a consumer focus. customink has a bulk order focus
17:40 < edunham> could you clarify whether we're looking for "swag people can buy" or "swag we can give people"? Because the distribution models tend to differ quite a bit
17:40 <@brson> edunham: both are important. the latter is what the participation team needs now
17:40 <@Manishearth> brson: also, do they want a complete design on a site, or just some ideas?
17:40 <@Manishearth> I imagine the participation team does this often so they already have preferred sites/distribution
17:40 < edunham> ok, do you have a feel for roughly how many items they want? (tens? hundreds? thousands?)
17:40 <@Manishearth> in which case we can share some assets an ideas
17:40 <@brson> Manishearth: good point. i can ask if they have a preferred site
17:40 < johannh> brson: wooow oxidation is so cool
17:41 <@brson> edunham: don't know
17:41 <@brson> i can ask that too
17:41 <@brson> i can also ask how much budget they have
17:41 <@brson> but suspect they don't know
17:41 <@brson> 40 minutes down. might vant to move on to other agenda
17:42 <@bstrie> edunham has a thing
17:42 < edunham> issue filed, https://github.com/rust-community/team/issues/53
17:42 <@brson> i'll take action items to follow up on t-shirt matters on the list
17:42 < edunham> yep I just wanted to ask where semi-maintained orphaned projects should land
17:42 <@brson> try to get more info
17:43 < edunham> I've inherited gankro's too-many-lists, and established that it's really only feasible to share perms with other maintainers in an org rather than with a repo in one's personal account
17:44 < edunham> From discussion yesterday it seems that either landing it in rust-community (if that's what the org is for) or making a rust-orphanage type org to catch it and future "homeless" projects would be suitable
17:44 < edunham> thought?
17:44 < edunham> *thoughts?
17:44 <@brson> steveklabnik also suggested rust-lang-deprecated
17:45 < edunham> although it is not currently deprecated, hosting it under r-l-deprecated would be a fast route to it becoming so
17:45 < dikaiosune> rust-reunion (a la rust team alumni)
17:45 <@brson> yeah, i think it doesn't quite fit
17:45 <@brson> also i'm not inclined to call this project official
17:46 <@brson> rather 'to call thes docs official docs'
17:46 <@Manishearth> edunham: I am very +1 on the rust-lang-unmaintained thing
17:46 <@Manishearth> edunham: also willing to help with too-many-lists. I already have plans for the nomicon, so too-many-lists might be also good to fix
17:46 < edunham> Manishearth: awesome, I'll give you all the perms on it once it finds a home
17:46 < badboy> same here, deprecated is the wrong word, orphanage or unmaintained seems more reasonable.
17:46 <@Manishearth> edunham: I think rust-community is the best home for too-many-lists
17:47 < edunham> would unofficial be better than unmaintained?
17:47 <@Manishearth> and all "unmaintained" things, though too-many-lists can be counted as maintained -- I do plan to maintain it even if I don't get time to actively contribute
17:47 <@Manishearth> edunham: rust-community arleady contains semi-official things, no?
17:47 < edunham> rust-unofficial
17:47 <@Manishearth> works
17:47 < hjr3> +1 to unofficial
17:47 < edunham> ok cool
17:47 < edunham> problem solved
17:48 <@Manishearth> I'll make it
17:48 < hjr3> the others have negative connotation
17:48 < edunham> (unless any -1's)
17:48 <@brson> hm
17:48 < booyaa> nope +1 here too
17:48 < booyaa> is there time to give a quick rust bridge update?
17:49 < edunham> booyaa: 12mins :)
17:49 < badboy> who will be responsible for the orga (not the individual projects), the community team as well?
17:49 <@Manishearth> booyaa: yep!
17:49 <@Manishearth> orga?
17:49 < edunham> org
17:49 < badboy> the github organisation hosting these projects
17:49 < badboy> (my german abbrevations slip through)
17:50 <@brson> emphasizing unofficialness could be seen as negative or discouraging contributions
17:50 <@brson> and just to clarify, i think these *could* be official docs, just don't think they should jump straight to that status
17:50 <@brson> needs to be clear they are are high quality and can be maintained
17:50 < edunham> so... are you suggesting nursery instead?
17:51 <@brson> :( no, i see that as the lowest-level official endorsement
17:51 <@brson> sorry for being so confusing
17:51 < edunham> hmm ok, let's chat later about how to be unofficial without calling it unofficial then
17:52 <@brson> k
17:52 <@bstrie> edunham: this is sort of something that we need to solve in general as well, should be a cross-team thing. need to figure out who's taking up huon's simd and rand work, for example
17:52 <@Manishearth> I created the org already, but we can rename it
17:52 <@Manishearth> bstrie: I would but simd/rand in nursery though
17:53 <@Manishearth> > Catch-all organization for unofficial Rust projects which have become orphaned or otherwise need community maintainership
17:53 <@bstrie> well it's one thing to have them filed away in the correct organization, it's another thing to have someone actually championing them :P
17:53 <@Manishearth> right
17:53 <@bstrie> rand and simd are too important to lie fallow
17:53 < jntrnr> bstrie: +1
17:54 < edunham> I think we should hand out perms liberally on unofficial, and to get in a repo should have a guardian who'll take the lead on adding people and closing PRs...
17:55 <@brson> becoming an official project often means nobody feels responsible for them it seems
17:55 <@brson> weirdly
17:55 < booyaa> rust bridge update: we got stuck on what level to pitch the workshops. i know the assumption is that the attendees will not have any programming experience, but the concern was what if they dont' have anycomputer exp at all. we looking at what rails bridge "foundational skills" workshop. go bridge assumes you've some programming experience.
17:56 < edunham> booyaa: if you're requiring pre-reg, can you say "please read this short guide on basic programming concepts before attending" and give them a little bit of friendly docs to even the playing field?
17:57 <@Manishearth> edunham: yep
17:57  * edunham not sure if that'd be too discouraging...
17:57 < booyaa> woudl tie in necessary with an install fest (setup) guide too thanks!
17:59 < booyaa> k will pass this along to the group.
17:59 < edunham> (I think you could decrease the pile of impostor syndrome it'd create by putting simple multiple choice questions at the end of each section, so readers can confirm they understood "enough")
18:01 <@Manishearth> +1
18:01 < booyaa> yup really like the idea of the quiz, saw this recently and found it very useful for quantifying my abilities https://stackoverflow.com/company/salary/calculator
18:02 < booyaa> sorry wrong link
18:02 < booyaa> https://stackoverflow.com/company/salary/skills/web-developer
18:02 < edunham> (just make sure the quiz answers are in the section somewhere so diligence will pay off if they get stuck and have to reread ;))
18:02 < booyaa> will do
18:03 < edunham> looks like we've hit time
18:03 < badboy> perfect. our meetup is about to start.
18:03 < booyaa> ty you!
18:03 < edunham> have a great meetup!
18:03 < booyaa> skade: re: can you give me more context about the complaint?
18:03 < badboy> later!
18:03  * jntrnr waves
18:04 <@Manishearth> o/
18:06 < booyaa> laters potaters
