16:00	erickt	hello everyone!
16:00	erickt	thanks for coming!
16:00	erickt	so we got a pretty big agenda: github.com/rust-community/team/issues/57
16:00	jntrnr	lol
16:00	erickt	I doubt we'll get through everything
16:01	hjr3	o/ morning erickt
16:01	erickt	so lets first talk about our robotic overlords
16:01	erickt	(ps if you have any agenda items, please comment on the ticket)
16:01	erickt	brson: you around?
16:01	jntrnr	I wonder if acrichto should chime in on this too
16:01	jntrnr	since he also has a vested interest
16:02	erickt	jntrnr: want to ping him?
16:02	jntrnr	sure
16:02	erickt	anyway, so we got a new guest here today, notriddle, who is working on aelita bot
16:02	erickt	another post-bors bot
16:02	jntrnr	nice
16:02	notriddle	Wʜᴀᴛ ʀᴏʙᴏᴛɪᴄ ᴏᴠᴇʀʟᴏᴀᴅs? Tʜᴇʏ'ʀᴇ ᴏᴜʀ ᴘʀᴏᴛᴇᴄᴛᴏʀs!
16:02	jntrnr	welcome :)
16:03	erickt	aelitabot.xyz / github.com/AelitaBot/aelita
16:03	erickt	we also have locks and edunham here (and maybe frewsxcv?) who have sorta been working on getting homu setup
16:03	erickt	locks, you came from the ember community, right?
16:03	locks	booyaa should be around too
16:03	locks	confirm
16:04	erickt	heh, I can hear the wycats influence in your response ;)
16:04	steveklabnik	hehe
16:04	erickt	locks you also mentioned a eeyore
16:04	locks	xD
16:04	jntrnr	confirm
16:04	locks	I originally came in with nathan hammond who was going to actually work on the infra, but work's occupying him
16:04	erickt	work is the worst
16:05	locks	tell me about it
16:05	erickt	so I wanted to bring us together (and track down who is the folks on eeyore) so we can collaborate together
16:05	erickt	rather than duplicate work
16:05	steveklabnik	eeyore was a carol and i joint
16:05	steveklabnik	but then we both got super busy
16:05	steveklabnik	or at least, i know i did
16:05	brson	erickt: yes, sorry
16:05	brson	distracted
16:06	locks	eeyore is a issue triaging helper bot, labelling and such
16:06	locks	this interests me as we have an issue triage team at ember, and I was thinking of proposing those features to bors in the future
16:06	steveklabnik	yeah i mean, putting it in bors could work too
16:07	erickt	so first things first, notriddle, as I mentioned before, we as the community team aren tied to any technology, we just want the functionality
16:07	edunham	highfive would also be a good candidate
16:07	erickt	*aren't*
16:07	edunham	(for triage features, that is)
16:08	erickt	edunham: +1
16:08	bstrie	erickt: I'm here!
16:08	erickt	morning!
16:08	notriddle	I wholeheartedly agree.
16:08	jdm	edunham: as written, I'm not sure - it's built around responding to github notifications, and triage may not fit into that
16:09	erickt	notriddle: so I think one thing you need to figure out if you're going to go the whole aelitabot-as-a-company, or if you'd want the community to help manage it
16:09	jdm	oh, maybe I'm misunderstanding what triage means here
16:09	notriddle	erickt: To start with, I do not plan to close-source aelita in whole or in part.
16:10	edunham	(jdm: yeah, AIUI Eeyore is just responses to magic comments on PRs, where responses includes labeling)
16:10	steveklabnik	yes
16:10	erickt	(eeyore link: github.com/eeyorebot/eeyore)
16:10	notriddle	erickt: If I end up offering a for-pay-for-private-repos version, that shouldn't interfere with the same code backing bors.io.
16:11	erickt	morning acrichto!
16:11	acrichto	good morning!
16:11	erickt	notriddle: so our plan with bors.io was to also have a hosted service, just like homu.io
16:11	notriddle	Because, clearly, if the community team want's to run a gatekeeper bot, it should go under the name bors.
16:12	bstrie	to be clear, eeyore and aelita wouldn't be competing, right? they seem like they do different things
16:12	notriddle	bstrie: Yeah, they aren't competing.
16:12	notriddle	bstrie: We don't have anything competing with eeyore, and the only thing aelita competes with really is homu.
16:13	notriddle	erickt: Yeah, I understand what bors.io is supposed to be.
16:14	notriddle	erickt: But I assume bors.io would also only be available for public repos.
16:14	acrichto	erickt: I'm told that there's some questions about bors hosting?
16:14	erickt	notriddle: yes I believe so
16:14	erickt	acrichto: we're talking about our growing bot ecosystem, like bors, highfive and etc
16:14	erickt	acrichto: if you want to catch up: logs.glob.uno/?c=rust-community
16:15	erickt	notriddle: what infrastructure is aelita running on?
16:15	notriddle	erickt: Google Container Engine.
16:15	erickt	cool, I like gke
16:15	bstrie	erickt: what specifically is the community team's role in setting up these services? it seems a bit more technical than what we usually traffic in
16:16	notriddle	github.com/AelitaBot/aelita/tree/master/infra
16:16	erickt	bstrie: I see us more as rallying the community to implement things for said community
16:16	acrichto	erickt: would it be helpful to mention what I was thinking would play out as?
16:17	locks	<- cheerleader from Ember-land
16:17	acrichto	I'm still missing context though, so it may just be repeating things already said
16:17	erickt	so I don't necessarily see our team as having to implement them, but help guide them to completion
16:18	erickt	acrichto: we're trying to figure out how to run the rust bots for our broader community. jntrnr thought you might want to participate since you have written some of the bots
16:19	erickt	so I wanted to bring everyone here to do the initial meet, but maybe at this point we should shift this over to #bors after the meeting?
16:19	carols10cents	hi sorry i'm late i'm here now :)
16:19	acrichto	erickt: oh sure yeah, what's the current tl;dr; of the conclusion?
16:19	bstrie	carols10cents: I missed my chance to troll you by texting you to wake up :P
16:19	booyaa	hi back again (travelling)
16:19	carols10cents	bstrie: hahahah :) also good job at being here with me forgetting to text you! :)
16:20	bstrie	erickt: in the future with a nebulous topic like this it would probably help to have a dedicated issue on the tracker ("community bot initiative") which could summarize the topic out-of-band and centralize discussion outside the meeting time
16:20	bstrie	carols10cents: only seven minutes late!
16:20	erickt	acrichto: tldr is I think we're all interested in collaborating, and we can explore using aelita as the base for future bors stuff, and maybe build other bots on the infrastructure we do for aelita?
16:21	erickt	bstrie: yeah
16:21	erickt	that's a good diea
16:21	erickt	err
16:21	erickt	idea
16:21	acrichto	erickt: seems reasonable! my only thoughts were that it'd be cool if there were a "deploy to heroku" button so everyone could run their own version for free
16:21	acrichto	or basicaly some button for everyone to run their own for free
16:22	acrichto	that could be configured however they need
16:22	notriddle	acrichto: That's the big downside to using aelita as a base.
16:22	notriddle	Heroku doesn't do Rust.
16:22	locks	no buildpack?
16:22	erickt	the other thing thats more community focused, I want to do a bot-a-thon so we can get together in physical/virtual space and hash this out
16:22	acrichto	crates.io is deployed on heroku?
16:22	steveklabnik	i mean, custom buildpack
16:22	bstrie	erickt: I'll make the issue right now
16:22	erickt	bstrie: <3
16:22	notriddle	Is crates deployed in heroku?
16:22	erickt	y'all interested in more -athons?
16:23	locks	erickt: I know a great place in Porto
16:23	acrichto	notriddle: yeah
16:23	acrichto	as steveklabnik w/ custom buildpacks we can get rust on heroku
16:23	steveklabnik	(but the content of the crates is on s3, but the app itself is on heroku)
16:23	acrichto	but I'm not interested in heroku specifically, just "run your own instance for free"
16:23	booyaa	re: build packs hoverbear did one a while back
16:23	notriddle	Wow, I wish I had known that awhile back.
16:23	booyaa	github.com/Hoverbear/heroku-buildpack-rust
16:23	erickt	locks: I'll book some time on the RustJet!
16:24	carols10cents	bstrie: would you read said summary issue before said meeting tho? ;)
16:24	bstrie	carols10cents: I would if they were linked from the meeting agenda!
16:24	carols10cents	and ya there are multiple rust buildpacks for heroku
16:24	erickt	bstrie: I'm all in favor in more people helping to prep for our meetings ;)
16:24	bstrie	carols10cents: the alternative is that I spend half the meeting pestering people about what the heck we're talking about :P
16:25	locks	sorry for being short, but the conclusion is we'll refocus on using aelita over the current bors?
16:25	locks	details to be hashes out in #bors
16:25	erickt	locks: unless of course you have counter proposals
16:26	locks	not atm, I couldn't find anyone to help out with the actual coding so I'm stalled for progress
16:26	carols10cents	bstrie: and that info *is* in the transcripts for the meetings, which are in github, which you could read before the next meeting ;)
16:26	erickt	anyway, everyone who wants to participate in that conversation should head over to #bors, and acrichto if you have pointers on setting up the heroku link that'd be helpful
16:26	booyaa	does this include eeyore?
16:26	carols10cents	so uh
16:27	carols10cents	eeyore came up last night because locks said crates.io's issues weren't well triaged
16:27	steveklabnik	yeah
16:27	erickt	booyaa: I say bots in general would be subject to that topic
16:27	carols10cents	and eeyore is an idea steve had
16:27	carols10cents	a while ago
16:27	steveklabnik	and then we never really did it :(((
16:27	carols10cents	that i worked on a bit but then got busy and attacked by yaks
16:27	steveklabnik	i don't know if and when i'll have time to work on it
16:27	hjr3	damn yaks
16:27	carols10cents	it seems like i might have successfully transferred the yaks to locks???
16:27	* locks softly cries
16:28	carols10cents	i would be ecstatic if people made it work because i still really want to be able to help/have others able to help with triage of issues without needing push rights on a repo
16:28	locks	I have small amounts of time to put into it, I'll try to grab someone from our infra group
16:28	carols10cents	so yeah, we can take discussion to #bors or wherever and i'm happy to answer questions and poke at things here and there?
16:29	erickt	yeah
16:29	erickt	ok so moving on to the next item
16:29	erickt	general request for help: rustfest is planning on doing a rustbridge workshop at their conference
16:29	erickt	which is in about a month
16:30	erickt	so if anyone wants to help iterate on github.com/rust-community/rustbridge/tree/master/workshops
16:30	erickt	it'd be really helpful to get those materials usable
16:30	erickt	they're not expecting to get brand new coders at this point, but quite possibly a bunch of people new to rust
16:31	erickt	the other thing is we might also migrate from having a dedicated rustbridge meeting, and squash it into this one to help raise awareness
16:31	booyaa	do we have any existing feedback forms? i was hoping to quantify the experience with the workshops. i appreciate these are ppl with prior programming experience.
16:31	bstrie	notriddle: you're behind aelita? if so, could you please leave a short comment on github.com/rust-community/team/issues/58 so that we can get up to speed faster in future meetings?
16:31	bstrie	erickt: who's behind eeyore?
16:31	erickt	bstrie: carols10cents / steveklabnik / locks
16:31	booyaa	carols10cents: steveklabnik i think
16:32	erickt	booyaa: we do not, but I did see a feedback form from railsbridge
16:32	erickt	booyaa: I'll find you a link
16:32	booyaa	cool i can rustify it
16:32	erickt	anyone from bridge have anything to add?
16:32	bstrie	carols10cents steveklabnik locks: could you leave a brief comment regarding eeyore at github.com/rust-community/team/issues/58 for the future edification of the community team?
16:33	carols10cents	bstrie: on it
16:33	erickt	booyaa: docs.railsbridge.org/workshop/closing
16:33	booyaa	erickt: did we think the rustfesters are going for url shortener or the webscraper material?
16:33	erickt	ok moving on!
16:33	jntrnr	I think I'm next?
16:34	booyaa	might help to focus the polishing of workshops
16:34	erickt	booyaa: I think web-scraper may be further along, but we really need people to go through the docs
16:34	erickt	and help polish
16:34	erickt	jntrnr: yessir!
16:34	erickt	(anyone want to volunteer to go through the bridge materials?)
16:34	jntrnr	so I worked with brson, Manishearth, and carols10cents and have the outreach list coming together
16:34	erickt	\o/
16:34	carols10cents	(i did nothing)
16:34	jntrnr	the next step would actually, you know, do said outreach
16:35	jntrnr	will probably start emailing people here in the next week or so to line up some call-outs
16:35	erickt	jntrnr: great! I think we talked last week about also organizing speaker volunteers
16:36	hjr3	train is arriving. i am afk for ~10 min
16:36	jntrnr	speaker volunteers?
16:36	erickt	yeah, to go to companies and give a presentation on rust
16:36	jntrnr	ahh yes, that's another good idea
16:36	jntrnr	but I'm more talking about the outreach to the business users
16:36	jntrnr	of rust
16:37	jntrnr	there's also the people who replied that they had business interest in rust in the survey but we haven't reached out to
16:38	jntrnr	hehe
16:38	jntrnr	It feels like erickt was like "wait, that's not the item on the agenda"
16:38	jntrnr	:)
16:38	erickt	heh
16:38	erickt	jntrnr: any other next steps?
16:38	jntrnr	we should also see if we can rally people to give talks but that item wasn't on my immediate radar
16:38	erickt	heh
16:38	jntrnr	doing the emails is the next steps
16:39	erickt	it's fun giving rust talks at companies
16:39	erickt	cool. anything else? or shall we move on to the next stuff?
16:39	jntrnr	nothing else on my side
16:39	erickt	brson: you're up about the participation event
16:40	brson	ok
16:40	brson	thread is here discourse.mozilla-community.org/t/…ivate-mozilla-dive-into-rust/10073
16:41	brson	current state is the initiative is 'live'
16:41	brson	and we are encouraged to spread the word
16:41	brson	i think they could use our help
16:41	brson	i've asked around a bit and the way i think this works is pretty freeform
16:42	brson	participation team is setting out objectives, providing only moderate support
16:42	brson	actual work is conducted by the 'mozilla reps'
16:42	brson	and they are motivated individually according to their own whims
16:42	brson	so istm there is opportunity for us to support the reps in this
16:42	brson	or become reps
16:42	brson	etc
16:43	brson	show them why this is a great activity to pursue and how
16:43	brson	if you click through the link in the op you can see the objectives
16:43	erickt	brson: is this an in person event, or virtual outreach?
16:43	brson	and they are pretty agressive
16:43	brson	in person events
16:43	brson	afaik
16:44	erickt	oh ok so it's feeder for organizing events. I totally can see some collaboration
16:44	brson	i've been in communication with somebody about t-shirts, and we seem to have the ability to send a few hundred t-shirts out to key hubs
16:44	brson	but i've dropped the ball on making this happen
16:44	erickt	this would be a great way to help develop and run bridge events, -athons, and other things
16:44	brson	ok, that's a brain dump of the state of things. i have ideas about next steps, but any thoughts?
16:45	bstrie	brson: I'd like to know which reps are interested in rust and how we can coordiate with them
16:45	erickt	+1 this seems to be a general call-to-action, but I'm not yet sure how we engage them, or even who we engage with
16:46	erickt	any chance we could invite someone to our next meeting?
16:47	brson	i will take an action item to find somebody to bring to the meeting
16:47	brson	i have a link for finding reps one sec
16:47	brson	reps.mozilla.org/people/#
16:47	erickt	Manishearth: weren't you a part of the whole Mozilla Reps thing?
16:47	brson	a good thing for us to do is connect rust meetups organizers to those people
16:48	Manishearth	erickt: I interacted with it. Never got involved "officially"
16:48	Manishearth	erickt: I mostly helped out at firefox events, and later started organizing rust ones
16:48	brson	i also have a todo to post to url about this, but i'd be happy for someone else to drive
16:50	erickt	we also need something like this on our github page: activate.mozilla.community/developer-engagement/rust-hack
16:50	erickt	that we can point to
16:50	erickt	which sorta leads into the next topic about websites
16:51	bstrie	brson erickt: if the mozilla participation team has someone in a leadership position who's interested in rust, I'd like to invite them to a meeting
16:51	erickt	we need a better website that can help direct our efforts
16:51	erickt	github.com/rust-community/team is pretty barebones
16:52	brson	bstrie: unless you want to take the lead on that, i'll take an action item to find participation/reps folks to pull in to the next meeting
16:52	bstrie	brson: I'd prefer someone within mozilla itself to take the lead on that
16:53	brson	ok
16:53	erickt	so, anyone want to build us a website?
16:54	erickt	we could just use jekyll like github.com/rust-lang/rust-www, but we need proper content
16:54	carols10cents	👃🏽👈🏽
16:54	erickt	carols10cents: I think by touching your nose first, it means you volunteer?
16:54	carols10cents	NO
16:54	carols10cents	THE OPPOSITE
16:55	erickt	that's not how I play
16:55	brson	oh also reps are in #remo
16:56	locks	I agree with erickt
16:56	erickt	carols10cents: two against one!
16:56	locks	it means the suggestion was so on the nose that you'd like to take it
16:57	carols10cents	I WILL BUILD THE UGLIEST SITE YOU HAVE EVER SEEN AND THEN YOU'LL BE SORRY
16:57	erickt	yay!
16:57	carols10cents	what should the site say?
16:58	erickt	carols10cents: I think we can draw a lot of inspiration from activate.mozilla.community/developer-engagement/rust-hack
16:58	erickt	where we have some links to meetups, and we list our current projects and how people can participate
16:59	erickt	also www.railsbridge.org
16:59	erickt	and www.ruby-lang.org/en/community
17:00	erickt	ok and that's time!
17:00	erickt	thanks everyone!
17:01	erickt	I'll bump friends-of-the-forest and the rust orphanage to next week, but anyone is welcome to work on em