16:00	skade	sooo, everyone
16:00	* bstrie barely awake
16:00	skade	welcome to the last rust community meeting!!!!
16:00	* skade takes a deep breath
16:00	bstrie	the last!!
16:00	skade	in august
16:00	steveklabnik	lol
16:00	carols10cents	:P
16:00	jntrnr	lol
16:00	edunham	(the last one to have occurred so far!)
16:01	skade	Agenda here github.com/rust-community/team/issues/60
16:01	bstrie	we're disbanding (the month of august)
16:01	skade	So, let's get started: Booth at RustConf
16:01	bstrie	I'm unaware of what sort of booths rustconf will have
16:02	skade	I love having a community team representation at RustConf, but I'm not gonna be there, so I have not a lot to say about that. Who of us will be there?
16:02	bstrie	erickt will probably be there, I imagine?
16:02	skade	It's probably going to be a table with a sign or a poster.
16:02	bstrie	oh and edunham
16:02	hjr3	i will be at rustconf
16:02	jntrnr	I'll also be there
16:02	carols10cents	i will not be at rustconf
16:02	* edunham has resources cheat sheets and stickers in the mail. Also threw together rust-community.github.io/resources.
16:03	Manishearth	edunham++
16:03	steveklabnik	i will be there
16:03	edunham	(please please PR or just push straight to that resources thing if it's wrong/lacking/poorly-organized)
16:03	carols10cents	oh hey edunham i think we can close this then! <3 <3 <3 github.com/rust-community/team/issues/59
16:04	badboy	aaalright, I'm here!
16:04	erickt	Bstrie I'll be there!
16:04	edunham	carols10cents: I don't think resources meets all the recommendations of that issue yet
16:04	bstrie	edunham: btw, aldeka has a new version of the rustacean, for future sticker reference: i.imgur.com/WTwDr9V.png
16:04	carols10cents	edunham: ok, may i add the other stuff to your page instead of making another site?
16:04	edunham	bstrie++ omg so cute
16:05	skade	okay, so mainly, what I see missing there is having the community booth as a place where people interested in community action can go to have a chat
16:05	erickt	bstrie / carols10cents: odds are increasing for me to go to Pittsburgh too
16:05	carols10cents	!!!!! <3 <3 <3
16:05	carols10cents	i'm into having a community table at rust belt rust too, if yinz like this!
16:06	edunham	carols10cents: I'd rather the community team thing live at rust-community.github.io proper -- I'll throw together a thing for it real quick
16:07	erickt	carols10cents: r+
16:07	skade	okay, so any more comments on the table? I think we should have it and people should make sure there's people there regularly that can answer questions.
16:08	hjr3	is someone going to have a schedule so we can make sure it is always staffed?
16:08	jntrnr	what hjr3 says :)
16:09	badboy	rustconf.com/schedule.html < there's a schedule already
16:09	hjr3	badboy i meant a schedule of volunteers staffing the community booth
16:09	badboy	ah, yeah, sorry. there's the talk schedule, which can be used to organize the community booth staffing schedule
16:10	bstrie	what sort of things will we be doing at the booth?
16:10	skade	hjr3: who are you on github?
16:10	hjr3	skade hjr3 ;)
16:10	Manishearth	hjr3: suggestion: use a round table, have extra chairs, let others sit and sometimes take over!
16:10	Manishearth	it's community -- and I bet there will be a lot of folks organizing meetups or w/e
16:10	hjr3	skade github.com/hjr3
16:10	Manishearth	at the conf
16:11	skade	hjr3: perfect, thanks
16:11	hjr3	Manishearth of course. the more the better
16:11	skade	I am, by the way, planning a community workshop at RustFest, too
16:11	skade	if I can take 2 hours off...
16:11	hoverbear	skade: I'm sure your boss won't mind
16:12	skade	next up: conference surveys: github.com/rust-community/team/issues/61
16:13	skade	can we come up with a good survey on 10 days, also, can we avoid some of the problem the last one had?
16:13	skade	(output data was really hard to parse)
16:13	jntrnr	skade: yeah, I'm kinda doubtful, unless we shoot for only a few questions
16:13	skade	would it be acceptable to run the survey after rust belt rust closes?
16:13	hoverbear	Short surveys get the most responses anyways no?
16:13	skade	hoverbear: yes
16:14	skade	we will definitely run our own survey for rustfest, I'm pretty sure of that
16:14	hjr3	the question(s) the survey is trying to answer will dictate the structure. maybe we can get away with multiple choice or maybe we cannot
16:15	carols10cents	yes, what is the overall goal of this survey?
16:16	carols10cents	github.com/rust-community/team/issues/61 says "ask questions from our community about their experience" and "help guide the community towards working on various projects"
16:16	carols10cents	but to what end?
16:16	carols10cents	to improve the conferences?
16:16	carols10cents	to improve what the community does?
16:16	hoverbear	So we can see what to do better next year
16:17	hoverbear	(In regards to conferences)
16:17	skade	I think improvement of the conferences would be helpful, but on the other hand, every of this conferences is working in a different fashion, so it is also hard to find a lowest common denominator
16:17	carols10cents	right
16:17	hoverbear	skade: Right, and this is a chance to get feedback and learn which ways are working best
16:17	skade	maybe it would be better to come up with a set of questions that all conferences can put into their survey should they run a post-conf survey
16:18	hjr3	the more focused the better though. is there a particular thing about conferences we are trying to improve? attendance? talk quality? diversity?
16:18	carols10cents	so what do we as the community team want to know about all the conferences?
16:18	hoverbear	skade: it depends if we are trying to get answers from people who did go to conferences, or who couldn't go. If each conference asks their own then we will likely only get responses from those who went
16:19	carols10cents	i know what i'd want with my conference organizer hat on but i'm having trouble thinking about what the community team in general could take action on
16:19	skade	carols10cents: no more then giving recommendations
16:20	skade	"we know XYZ was a problematic topic at conf B, so keep that in mind"
16:20	skade	I'm not fully sure
16:20	carols10cents	sooo unless someone can come up with questions that every conf should have on their survey, i'd like to propose that each conf run their own and report back to the group so we can all learn from each other
16:20	carols10cents	and maybe we revisit this after they're all over and do a survey that asks more about why people couldn't make it to any?
16:21	carols10cents	couldn't/didn't
16:21	edunham	carols10cents: I think the conf organizer hat is useful; I'd love the community team to eventually be able to publish a "how to do a rust conference" guidance thing with collected lessons
16:21	skade	I have a Rust conference RFC in the working, although thats for official project conferences.
16:21	edunham	so I'd at least like to hear what the attendees liked / would improve, and what the organizers feel went well / should improve
16:22	skade	hm, so maybe a writeup of the organisers to the community team is more what we want?
16:22	carols10cents	edunham: i'm into that, as long as it's "tips/ideas/advice/resources for running a conference about rust" and not "what you must do to be allowed to run a rust conference", unless we're getting into the franchising thing which i don't want to reopen right this second :)
16:23	skade	carols10cents: seconded :)
16:23	carols10cents	skade: that's pretty much what i'm proposing, yeah
16:23	carols10cents	the writeup of organizers post-conference to the community
16:24	carols10cents	i'm going to make some issues to remind us
16:24	carols10cents	who would like to be assigned the one for rustconf?
16:24	skade	I'm going to create a topic for RustFest
16:24	skade	issue
16:25	edunham	carols10cents: yes, that's what I was thinking, though I used unclear words :)
16:25	carols10cents	skade: beat you github.com/rust-community/team/issues/66
16:25	badboy	hm, I seem to not have write acces to the repo, so if you can assign me as well, that would be great
16:26	carols10cents	aturon is getting the one for rustconf
16:26	aturon	carols10cents: 👍
16:26	skade	okay, next up: rustbridge
16:27	skade	there's going to be a beta workshop for rustbridge at rustfest
16:27	skade	target group is people that don't know rust, are junior programmers and have a little experience with such workshops, if preferred
16:27	skade	the intention is to gather feedback on the current workshops
16:28	skade	it is also made clear to those people that the final target group is people that have 0 experience with coding, so we are trying to work our way down from there
16:28	carols10cents	badboy: try something that needs write access now?
16:29	badboy	carols10cents: ✓ thanks
16:30	skade	Also, AFAIK, the rustbridge team has voted to join these meetings instead of having their own, as they don't have that many things to sync on on the regular checkins. Is that fine with everyone?
16:31	carols10cents	👍🏽
16:32	Manishearth	wfm
16:32	Manishearth	in that case we should start off with the rustvridge stuff in each meeting
16:32	bstrie	skade: yes, I think that's a good idea
16:32	skade	okay, perfect
16:33	erickt	Manishearth: yeah. biggest thing now is to get help with getting the beta workshops ready
16:33	erickt	(a wild erickt appears!)
16:33	* badboy throws a pokeball at erickt
16:33	skade	next up, this will all be tough for us: this is the last meeting of the community team, as we are all going to be replaced by robotic overlords
16:33	erickt	ack!
16:34	skade	github.com/rust-community/team/issues/58
16:34	hoverbear	skade: I vote we vote them in perl so it's not a threat
16:34	badboy	sounds ok to me
16:34	erickt	booyaa / locks: any luck with notriddle and aelita?
16:35	carols10cents	everyone wrote the "assert!(!takes_over_the_world());" test first, right?
16:35	skade	so, the problem here is that there's an uptake in bot writing again and here's the question: can we help those efforts somewhat?
16:35	skade	Is this some kind of switchboard thing again, where we just have to plug the right people to the right people?
16:36	erickt	skade: yeah
16:36	skade	has anyone considered forming an umbrella group like a github org where people can have all of these under one common name?
16:36	Manishearth	most of these folks are already connected
16:36	erickt	we've been trying to connect all the post-homu.io folks together to get something up and running
16:36	booyaa	erickt: no luck i'm afraid
16:36	erickt	skade: github.com/rust-community/bors
16:36	Manishearth	erickt: i can try to carve a chunk of time out of tomorrow to set homu up
16:37	skade	would rust-community be the right place for that?
16:37	Manishearth	just need credentials
16:37	Manishearth	but never have used heroku
16:37	jntrnr	in general, the bots conversations should probably go through #rust-tools
16:37	erickt	but then we found aelitabot.xyz, which is an independently developed homu replacement
16:37	jntrnr	since they're the ones responsible for the bots
16:37	carols10cents	or #bors
16:37	erickt	that's also open source
16:38	jntrnr	it's not really part of the community team charter, aiui
16:38	Manishearth	"switchboard" is
16:38	Manishearth	but theyre already connected
16:38	erickt	+1
16:38	erickt	the main reason why I keep bringing it up here is to make sure they're making progress
16:38	skade	okay, any actions we should take?
16:39	jntrnr	can we just move that action item over to the tools team?
16:39	jntrnr	and let them oversee it?
16:39	skade	just keep an eye out and postpone to check back on them?
16:39	brson	i can take it...
16:39	skade	jntrnr: that sounds good
16:39	jntrnr	thanks brson
16:39	locks	apologies was out
16:39	brson	does anybody have opinions of next steps for me?
16:39	erickt	jntrnr: think rust-tools is appropriate for using the bots outside of core rust development?
16:39	locks	we've also made eeyore run again
16:40	steveklabnik	'again'
16:40	erickt	great!
16:40	steveklabnik	as if it ever did :p
16:40	jntrnr	erickt: bots outside of core rust development probably are outside of their (and our) purview
16:41	jntrnr	brson: looks like there are a few homu replacement projects and some folks here hope to continue growing
16:41	erickt	jntrnr: I disagree for it's out of our purview. It's definitely helps our ecosystem to have better development tools
16:41	brson	who all is involved: locks, booyaa, notriddle? others?
16:41	Manishearth	aLl
16:41	erickt	and we want to make sure that they're developed and administrated safely
16:42	brson	my main concern is establishing a path forward for rust-lang's ci
16:42	jntrnr	erickt: yup, having better tools is great for Rust... just not something really that the community team specifically should spend community meeting time trying to manage (imho)
16:42	skade	okay, we should also, at some point, create a guideline (or template) for a standard rust open-source porject
16:42	erickt	brson: also frewsxcv
16:42	brson	but i think if bors-next can ervice rust-lang well that's a good barometer
16:43	jntrnr	brson: +1
16:43	erickt	jntrnr: yeah, ultimately things like this should be spun out and run separately.
16:43	erickt	got to run though, conference is starting :(
16:43	jntrnr	erickt: thanks for dropping in
16:44	skade	erickt: it should, probably, but we should find ways to make sure we can take over projects when the maintainer has to drop them
16:44	skade	to avoid another homu/are-we-web-yet situation
16:45	skade	okay, can anyone make a quick writeup of that?
16:45	skade	(sorry for rushing on the agenda)
16:46	skade	brson: friends-of-the-forest is next, do we have an update on that/
16:46	brson	i can say a few things
16:47	Manishearth	fwiw servo is maintaining and using the fork
16:47	brson	i've mentioned the idea in several forums recently hoping it would spark some interest, but no bites yet
16:47	brson	Manishearth: what's the link to your fork?
16:47	Manishearth	just not a hosted versikn which you can join
16:47	Manishearth	brson servo/homu
16:48	brson	i think all that's needed to do with fotf is to make a decision on the format and just do it
16:48	brson	it's a pretty low-maintanence activity
16:48	brson	github.com/rust-community/team/issues/51
16:49	brson	that's all i have to say about it
16:49	skade	Okay, I think we should go ahead with that and just put our notes on the issue.
16:50	brson	vaguelly related cmr mentioned that he's interested in contributing to twir again, so he might be pursuaded to do the twir work
16:51	skade	great
16:51	skade	next up: rust community team website
16:51	edunham	oh, uh, I kind of just github.com/rust-community/rust-community.github.io in the past few minutes
16:52	hoverbear	edunham: An hero!
16:52	edunham	it is not good by any stretch of the imagination but now people can fix individual pieces I hope
16:52	edunham	hoverbear: nooooo, I will not an hero
16:52	hoverbear	edunham: You already was mine, you must suffer. :(
16:53	skade	okay, so this is mainly a "there's something" notification?
16:53	skade	I really like having one, especially to showcase what we already have
16:53	skade	beats having to do that improptu all the time.
16:54	edunham	skade: at the time the meeting started it was a "we need a thing" notification
16:54	edunham	as of right now it's a "we have a thing that we need to fix up" notification
16:54	skade	edunham: great :D
16:54	edunham	oh yeah and we need a 1-sentence summary of what the community team actually does
16:54	edunham	like internals.rust-lang.org/t/announcing-the-community-subteam/2248 is great but long
16:54	carols10cents	edunham ++++++++++
16:55	skade	yeah, i'd prefer if more of these things moved to respective subpages, many policies and descriptions never move beyond the rust-lang forums
16:55	skade	(e.g. the cargo policies)
16:55	skade	does anyone mind if we run 5-10 minutes over, but make the whole agenda?
16:55	edunham	not i
16:56	hjr3	fine with me
16:56	edunham	(er, I don't mind, that is)
16:56	jntrnr	sure
16:56	carols10cents	go go go
16:57	skade	github.com/rust-community/team/issues/69
16:57	skade	okay, business outreach
16:57	skade	issue is missing, the description links to the agenda
16:57	skade	jntrnr: ?
16:57	jntrnr	we met this week and the next item is to draft up emails for outreach
16:57	jntrnr	it's on my todo list
16:57	jntrnr	we have the contact info for people we're reaching out to via email
16:57	jntrnr	from there we'll set up call-outs
16:58	bstrie	what does business outreach entail?
16:58	jntrnr	this is what we did... a year ago?...
16:58	skade	bstrie: AFAIK, it's mostly calling up production users and find out their pain points, as we did last year
16:58	jntrnr	what skade said :)
16:59	hoverbear	We have several more now.
16:59	jntrnr	hoverbear: indeed :)
16:59	bstrie	ok
16:59	bstrie	wasn't sure if it was something new :P
16:59	skade	okay, so "things are on track, let's revisit next week?"
16:59	hoverbear	I'm happy to volunteer to talk to a few in Europe
17:00	skade	There's a coupl
17:00	skade	couple attending RustFest
17:00	hoverbear	Already have a meeting in the planning stage with Wire xD
17:00	jntrnr	skade: yup
17:00	skade	Okay, so, last two topics: mozilla participation event update, @brson
17:01	hoverbear	brson is their own topic? o.O
17:01	brson	last week i basically decided i can't devote much time to this initiative
17:01	brson	that our strategy is to tell reps to come to us for help
17:01	brson	we're not going to actively reach out to them
17:01	brson	so i posted this to their forum discourse.mozilla-community.org/t/…te-mozilla-dive-into-rust/10073/14
17:02	brson	saying contact the community team (and I unwisely said "or contact me")
17:02	skade	I would, in general, prefer if mozilla would announce two day meetings on weekends more then a month in advance, especially if they have them just before their main conference. Not a lot of people are aware, too.
17:02	skade	brson: forward them :)
17:02	brson	so two people have followed up asking for help
17:02	brson	and of course they are not contacting us
17:02	brson	just saying 'help'
17:02	brson	not sure what to do
17:02	brson	you can see what they are saying on that thread
17:02	brson	nobody volunteered to attend today's meeting
17:03	skade	okay
17:03	skade	we have a couple of people in our inbox, though
17:03	brson	oh? that's good
17:03	brson	i haven't seen
17:04	skade	someone from mexico and someone from the phillipines if I remember right
17:04	brson	well that's great
17:04	brson	so we're kind of on the hook to do something helpful
17:04	skade	Hugo Acosta (Bolivia)
17:04	brson	or at least i am since i got us into this
17:05	brson	which one tutorial / slide deck should we point them to?
17:05	skade	yes, it's mostly giving them some tips, a lot of people don't feel like they have enough experience
17:05	brson	i feel like we still don't really have anything solid training wie
17:05	skade	well, I generally recommend running just meetups at first
17:05	brson	maybe there are peole with experience that can co-organize with the reps?
17:06	skade	the reason johannh and me started the rust hack & learn was precisely because we didn't know rust and wanted to have others to learn with
17:06	brson	that's a great suggestion
17:06	skade	well, bolivia is nice, but far away :D
17:06	brson	i don't know anyone in bolivia offhand...
17:06	skade	isn't thoughtworks quite present there?
17:07	skade	Ecuador :/
17:07	skade	okay, anyone volunteering on writing them back?
17:07	skade	(if not, I'll be doing that at rustfest latest)
17:08	skade	Sorry for the mixup before, I was thinking about the participation meeting in europe on september 10th and 11th, by the way.
17:08	brson	i'd love it if somebody else could write up something helpful for these reps, but if not i will take the action item
17:08	carols10cents	i will write two emails
17:09	skade	okay, I assigned the topic to me, so I will sweep up everything that's left
17:09	brson	carols10cents: for the reps? <3
17:09	skade	please make sure you CC rust-community on any of those communications and don't let your email linger for too long, so there's no doubled work :)
17:09	skade	github.com/rust-community/team/issues/70
17:10	carols10cents	skade: brson: yep, i will respond to the 2 folks who emailed us, and will cc rust-community so anyone else can chime in if i miss anything
17:10	brson	thanks carols10cents and skade
17:10	carols10cents	in general will remind them of our meetings here and point them to rust-learning
17:10	skade	finally, orphanage is on the agenda
17:10	carols10cents	and recommend starting with a low-key hacking/learning meetup
17:11	skade	carols10cents: thanks <3
17:11	edunham	skade: Manish and I went ahead and made github.com/rust-unofficial for a temporary solution to the orphanage problem
17:12	skade	okay, so you ask people to transfer maintainer access to you?
17:12	edunham	in the 1 case so far, I had already been handed maintainer access. I transferred the repo to the org so I could give others full maintainer perms.
17:13	skade	okay, do you want us to further announce that?
17:13	skade	I think it is a nice thing that we can just document on the rust-community page
17:13	edunham	I imagine the eventual solution as having a team or two per repo, and granting much wider access to the code than official projects and the nursery can...
17:13	edunham	yeah, I'd just document it for now
17:13	skade	okay, can you give others from the community team access to the org?
17:13	edunham	I don't want to personally adopt a lot of projects, but we can use the org to help people do better team management
17:13	edunham	absolutely
17:14	carols10cents	added that item to the website issue
17:14	skade	yes, I don't want to be personally involved, but maybe someone wants to take over stuff, in which case we can remove it from there again
17:14	skade	perfect. I guess that covers most of the things.
17:14	skade	any open questions?
17:16	skade	edunham: I'll write an announcement to twitter and URLO, if you don't mind?
17:16	edunham	nope! I'd like to get a single-sentence description of what the community team is at some point
17:17	edunham	skade: gimme a couple minutes to get everyone on the community team invited
17:17	edunham	and actually I should write down some basic guidelines for how the unofficial org shoudl work, first
17:17	edunham	I'll write that up and ping you when they're ready, then you can announce :)
17:17	skade	I'll definitely need some time for that anyways :)
17:17	skade	thanks :)
17:18	skade	github.com/rust-community/team/issues/71
17:19	edunham	(everyone is invited now)
17:19	skade	okay, so I'm closing this for today, happy rusting everyone :)
