== 23 Jun 2016
[01:46] <erickt> T-14 minutes for the meeting!
[01:48] <erickt> anyone have any agenda items for the meeting?
[01:48] <erickt> https://github.com/rust-community/team/issues/39
[01:49] <erickt> who is here for the meeting?
[01:49] <jntrnr> me
[01:49] * erickt waves
[01:49] <erickt> jntrnr: do you have a draft done for the slides?
[01:50] * jntrnr nods
[01:50] <erickt> err, the post
[01:51] <hjr3> 0/
[01:54] * erickt waves
[01:57] <erickt> T-3
[01:58] <erickt> any others here for the meeting?
[01:59] <erickt> T-1
[02:00] <erickt> T-0!
[02:00] <erickt> it's meeting time dance!
[02:00] <erickt> dance dance
[02:00] <hjr3> woo
[02:00] * jntrnr waves arms like muppet
[02:00] <erickt> that's the spirit
[02:00] <erickt> 10 community points to jntnr
[02:00] <jntrnr> lol
[02:01] <erickt> well hello everyone
[02:01] <brson_> hi erickt!
[02:01] <erickt> so here's our agenda: https://github.com/rust-community/team/issues/39
[02:02] <erickt> so I think  lets start out and say with this meeting time I still don't think we recruited anyone new
[02:02] <jntrnr> seems like it
[02:02] <hjr3> doesn't appear so
[02:03] <erickt> so I want to propose an idea. how about we shift back to our 4pm UTC meeting, but we hang out at this time in case people show up
[02:03] <erickt> which will allow for more participation
[02:03] <jntrnr> I'm game
[02:03] <hjr3> what does "hang out" entail?
[02:04] <erickt> well, I'll at least be present in this meeting
[02:04] <erickt> err at this time
[02:04] <hjr3> oh sure
[02:04] <erickt> in case we get anyone to attend
[02:04] <erickt> but it won't necessarily be the official meeting time
[02:05] <erickt> sound good? make sense to everyone?
[02:05] <hjr3> i think that is a good plan. i will certainly try to be available
[02:05] <erickt> cool
[02:05] <erickt> ok next topic
[02:05] <erickt> survey
[02:05] * frewsxcv waves
[02:05] <erickt> jntrnr: you're up, how's the document?
[02:06] * erickt waves at frewsxcv
[02:06] <jntrnr> good - I have a draft up here: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1F6oELZcO_ejX2oVk20hmiBWd4lQugfFahn7OOOOyKsw/edit?usp=sharing
[02:06] <hjr3> oh nice
[02:06] <jntrnr> so definitely give a read, send comments/thoughts/etc
[02:07] <erickt> great! when do you need comments by?
[02:07] <jntrnr> I was chatting a bit with aturon earlier today.  It sounds like the core team is also interested in putting it (or something like it) on the main Rust blog
[02:07] <erickt> +1
[02:07] <jntrnr> they want to use the data to help kick off some other blog posts
[02:08] <jntrnr> erickt: soonish?  say by Friday would be great
[02:08] <erickt> ok. want to file a ticket asking for comments, and add a `cc @rust-community/team`? that should get everyone
[02:09] <jntrnr> can do - the only thing is that we were trying to be slightly careful with the draft
[02:09] <jntrnr> though I don't think it's particularly damning in the current form :p
[02:09] <erickt> ah, well then send a mail to community-team@rust-lang.org
[02:09] <jntrnr> we will probably just want to massage it a bit before it goes a bit broader
[02:09] <jntrnr> k, will do
[02:10] <erickt> jntrnr: anything in particular you are looking for comments on?
[02:10] <jntrnr> the main things I'm interested in for the post are a) major structural problems with the post.  If I need to cut whole sections or rethink the approach, knowing that sooner is helpful
[02:11] <jntrnr> also b) if it feels like there are areas that I need to go into more detail or just are generally confusing, also good to know about
[02:11] <erickt> by the way, thank you so much for doing all this
[02:12] <hjr3> this is great jntrnr
[02:12] * brson_ detraining
[02:12] <jntrnr> hjr3: thx :)
[02:12] <jntrnr> brson_: detraining sounds painful
[02:12] <erickt> hehe
[02:13] <erickt> I'm imagining brson punching caltrain off the tracks
[02:13] <erickt> Also on the survey, I believe skade's partner may now be doing some deeper analysis on the survey
[02:14] <erickt> unfortunately he's probably asleep at the moment, so we won't hear about that until the next meetin
[02:14] <erickt> jntrnr: anything else on your end?
[02:14] <erickt> or anyone else?
[02:14] <jntrnr> that's it.  I'll put together an email for the community team for feedback
[02:15] <erickt> great
[02:15] <erickt> next up, just a status update on RustBridge
[02:15] <erickt> we had our inaugural meeting earlier today that went pretty well
[02:15] <hjr3> awesome
[02:16] <erickt> the main highlights were starting to pick out a regular meeting time, which we didn't quite settle on
[02:16] <erickt> and starting to think through what we should build for workshop tutorials
[02:16] <Manishearth> i am here now
[02:16] <Manishearth> sorry about the delay
[02:17] <erickt> bridge meeting agenda is here: https://github.com/rust-community/rustbridge/issues/7
[02:17] <erickt> and minutes here: https://github.com/rust-community/team/issues/39
[02:17] * erickt waves at Manishearth
[02:17] <erickt> so first off, if any of you want to join in the bridge talks
[02:18] <erickt> please chime in here for helping to pick the day: https://github.com/rust-community/rustbridge/issues/8
[02:18] <Manishearth> i might
[02:18] <erickt> and time to meet next
[02:18] <Manishearth> but right niw swamped-ish
[02:18] <erickt> I invited them to use #rust-community in between meeting times
[02:18] <erickt> so we may see more activity here :)
[02:18] <erickt> (fingers crossed :) )
[02:19] <hjr3> yes, more discussion
[02:19] <erickt> one of the main things to consider with the workshops is that we expect that folks will want to actually build something at the end of the day
[02:19] <erickt> rather than want to just do the more traditional tutorial a la this is an iterator, and this is borrow checking
[02:20] <erickt> so like build a website or a game
[02:20] <hjr3> ya i think that is a great idea
[02:20] <erickt> but there's concern about tutorials being broken if dependencies break
[02:20] <hjr3> happy to see what the workshop idea is
[02:21] <erickt> or that it might end up requiring too high level knowledge. like "so you want to build a simple web page, first you need to understand sql"
[02:21] <erickt> hjr3: https://github.com/rust-community/rustbridge/issues/2 is tracking workshop content
[02:21] <hjr3> ya i posted there, per your recommendation ;)
[02:22] <erickt> oh hey so you did
[02:22] <erickt> anyway I'm not sure if there's anything else I had, but happy to answer any other questions
[02:23] <hjr3> thanks for the update. glad it is moving along
[02:23] <erickt> if not, next topic: 2017 rustconf planning: https://github.com/rust-community/team/issues/40
[02:23] <erickt> the 2016 rustconf hasn't happened yet, but we've already made some mistakes, so aturon asked me to start a ticket tracking what we could do better
[02:24] <erickt> so if you have any ideas or suggestions, please feel free to add them in here
[02:24] <erickt> we should do the same for rust belt rust and rustfest.eu
[02:25] <erickt> so please add anything else we could do better
[02:25] <erickt> one thing for us I tried to get us some official time for community organization, but it was too late to actually get us room in the schedule :(
[02:26] <hjr3> doh
[02:26] * jntrnr disappears into a puff of sleepy smoke
[02:26] <erickt> so we can do some unofficial stuff
[02:26] <erickt> bye jntrnr !
[02:27] <erickt> but next time we should try to have some more dedicated time
[02:27] <erickt> hm. so anything else on this subject?
[02:28] <hjr3> not from me atm
[02:28] <erickt> alright so next up...
[02:28] <erickt> rust forge: https://github.com/rust-community/team/issues/38
[02:29] <erickt> this might need to bump to the next meeting because it's from skade
[02:29] <erickt> but frankly i didn't even know https://forge.rust-lang.org/ existed
[02:29] <erickt> so we have an advertising problem :)
[02:30] <hjr3> it is out of site, out of mind
[02:30] <erickt> so this might be one place where we can start aggregating tutorials
[02:31] <erickt> but I think also edunham was working towards getting a planet-esque page for rust
[02:31] <erickt> a la https://planet.mozilla.org/
[02:31] <erickt> to aggregate blog posts
[02:32] <erickt> hm. seems like we don't have critical mass to talk about forge
[02:32] <hjr3> ya ; / 
[02:32] <hjr3> does edunham know about forge?
[02:32] <erickt> so we can bump to next time
[02:32] <hjr3> i will be seeing her at codeconf next week
[02:32] <hjr3> she has her talk right after mine
[02:32] <erickt> great!
[02:33] <erickt> ok next up
[02:33] <erickt> oh, homu. so homu.io seems to be in a half dead state :(
[02:34] <erickt> I've reached out to barosl, the owner a few weeks ago and haven't heard back yet
[02:34] <erickt> so I'm starting the process of potentially building a clone of that service
[02:34] <hjr3> oh nice
[02:35] <erickt> I've gotten as far as buying bors.io :)
[02:35] <erickt> but I'm looking for help to actually build bors-as-a-service
[02:35] <erickt> so if anyone wants to help out, please comment on
[02:35] <erickt> err
[02:36] <erickt> oh I don't have a ticket
[02:36] <hjr3> so my meetup is winding down on the stockfigher sdk
[02:36] <hjr3> maybe we can switch to bors.io
[02:36] <hjr3> ill bring it up
[02:36] <edunham> hjr3: I'm aware of forge, but haven't been pushing as much docs to it as i ought lately
[02:37] <edunham> looks like someone's squatting on bors.io
[02:37] <erickt> edunham: that's me :)
[02:37] <erickt> bought it earlier today
[02:37] <edunham> erickt: awesome!
[02:37] <edunham> envisioning a Rust-hosted homu that isn't gated on poor barosl?
[02:38] <erickt> bors-as-a-service: https://github.com/rust-community/team/issues/41
[02:38] <edunham> aha!
[02:39] <erickt> edunham: unfortunately barosl appears to have not responded to github notifications for a couple months :(
[02:39] <erickt> I'd much rather help him get homu.io back into a good state, but there's not much we can do with him being offline :(
[02:40] <hjr3> there is no other way to get a hold of him?
[02:40] <erickt> I'd love ideas, but everyone I've tried doesn't have a direct route to him
[02:41] <hjr3> k
[02:41] <erickt> wycats also thought the ember community might be up for contributing to a homu replacement, so there's a chance we could get a bunch of contributors for it
[02:42] <hjr3> i believe cargo.io is built on ember too, right?
[02:42] <erickt> yep
[02:42] <hjr3> sorry, crates.io
[02:43] <erickt> built by wycats and acrichto
[02:43] <erickt> maybe we could convince one of the web dev projects to build it :)
[02:44] <erickt> anyone want to reach out to them?
[02:45] <hjr3> i barely know wycats. steveklabnik might make an intro on our collective behalf?
[02:45] <erickt> oh I know wycats, I'm more speaking about the rust web framework folks
[02:45] <hjr3> oh, i see
[02:45] <erickt> like iron or nickel
[02:46] <erickt> I can start poking them
[02:46] <erickt> that's all I got for my agenda
[02:46] <erickt> anyone else have anything else?
[02:46] <bstrie> I just remembered there was a meeting!
[02:46] <bstrie> I have a thing to talk about!!!
[02:46] <erickt> bstrie!
[02:46] <erickt> hello!
[02:47] <bstrie> is aturon around, by chance?
[02:47] <erickt> I haven't heard from him for a while
[02:47] <bstrie> because my vague agenda item is working on returning some of the transparency around the mozilla devs' doing that we seem to have lost over the past year or so
[02:48] <bstrie> it seems like a lot of people in the community are relatively in the dark regarding what acrichto et al are working on day-to-day
[02:48] <bstrie> I personally used to catch up by reading the minutes of the weekly meetings, but I don't even know if they have those anymore
[02:48] <bstrie> maybe this is something we should put on the agenda for next week, and see if aturon can show up for that
[02:48] <erickt> oh! so I know aturon has been working on trying to come up with some better way to do meetings and etc
[02:48] <erickt> yeah
[02:49] <edunham> erickt, hjr3 it's become pretty clear to the Servo community that baosl's circumstances take him fully offline for 2-3 month stretches on a regular basis, so it's best for everybody to avoid setting up anything that requires consistent rapid responses
[02:49] <erickt> bstrie: want to add it to https://github.com/rust-community/team/issues/42
[02:50] <hjr3> edunham i was just thinking he could add erickt as a collaborator so we didn't have to start from scratch. i want to respect his time away though
[02:50] <erickt> edunham: yeah. bors.io is not ideal
[02:52] <erickt> anyone have anything else for the agenda?
[02:52] <hjr3> not i
[02:53] <hjr3> thank you erickt !
[02:53] <edunham> regarding the planet, I've got individual +1's from most of the mod team that they're cool with it, but no formal "we as the mod team say yes"
[02:54] <erickt> great!
[02:54] <bstrie> erickt: comment left
[02:55] <erickt> great!
[02:55] <erickt> alright well I'm going to officially gavel this meeting closed
[02:55] <hjr3> byeall
[02:57] <erickt> thanks everyone!
[03:08] <erickt> minutes: https://github.com/rust-lang/meeting-minutes/commit/7f5d91387904268a324820b93aa2d5ac9f0bcab4
[09:05] <skade> was this officially released? https://docs.google.com/document/d/1F6oELZcO_ejX2oVk20hmiBWd4lQugfFahn7OOOOyKsw/preview
[09:06] <skade> also, on the diversity question, I'm pretty sure some people just ticked all the boxes, btw
[09:07] <badboy> I wondered as well, considering you all talked about a blog post before.
[09:51] <skade_> erickt jntrnr 
[10:06] <Manishearth> skade_: that explains the 47 
[10:06] <skade> Manishearth yep... still, can someone close the google doc?
[10:08] <Manishearth> oh that one?
[10:08] <Manishearth> I don't have access
[10:12] <skade_> yeah, I'd take a note that such documents should be given wide edit access for such reasons
[10:33] <jntrnr> sigh...
[10:34] <jntrnr> yeah, I can close it
[10:37] <jntrnr> closed
[10:41] <Manishearth> welp
[10:41] <Manishearth> https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=11959949
[10:42] <Manishearth> every. time.
[10:43] <jntrnr> yeah, and apparently on reddit too
[10:43] <jntrnr> :( :(
[10:43] <jntrnr> we should probably get a group together that doesn't have public access so we can at least give drafts a good vetting
[10:43] <Manishearth> what reddit post? I don't see a reddit post. :p
[10:52] <jntrnr> Manishearth: too bad we can't "don't see" the hn one ;)
[10:53] <jntrnr> hopefully it'll just get downvoted now
[10:53] <jntrnr> (though it's great to see how interested people are!)
[11:40] <booyaa> +1
[13:20] <erickt> jntrnr: your post is doing so well on HN it's still getting votes even though you locked it hours ago :)
[13:20] <jntrnr> erickt: I noticed :p
[13:20] <erickt> Manishearth: great job covering the comments
[13:21] <jntrnr> yeah, and skade_ also
[13:21] <jntrnr> seeing his email made me jump out of bed and lock it down this morning
[13:21] <steveklabnik> by the time i had woken up, it was already basically handled
[13:21] <steveklabnik> :)
[13:21] <steveklabnik> and i woek up early today!
[13:21] <jntrnr> hehe
[13:21] <erickt> Oh skade too! I didn't recognize your HN username
[13:22] <erickt> steveklabnik: I didn't think you actually slept
[13:22] <erickt> Just uploaded your consciousness to respond to tweets at night :)
[13:23] <steveklabnik> heh
[13:23] <erickt> jntrnr: a few nice suggestions though. We could try to break out the people who never used rust from those who stopped
[13:24] <jntrnr> erickt: agreed.  the Go version of our survey did that I think
[13:24] <erickt> And to sort the bar charts by size
[13:24] <jntrnr> erickt: I missed the bar charts by size comment
[13:25] <erickt> If I recall correctly we can still extract this information by looking at the "why you stopped using rust" question
[13:27] <skade_> well, such drilldown-questions would be interesting for followups
[13:27] <skade> erickt: @argorak spells "skade was taken" :)
[13:27] <skade> same on twitter
[13:29] <erickt> So many interesting drill down questions to ask
[13:46] <Manishearth> https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=11960411
[13:46] <Manishearth> ....
[13:47] <Manishearth> "no u"
[15:20] <Manishearth> omg this is amazing
[15:20] <Manishearth> https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=11960888
[15:20] <Manishearth> saying "not everyone here is a guy: is now *against* the CoC
[15:20] <Manishearth> s/:/"
[15:21] <Manishearth> I may have momentarily forgotten I was on HN when I wrote that, in hindsight -- bad idea
[15:23] <staticassert> "I've not heard this before. Citation?" lol HN
[15:25] <jntrnr> haha
[15:25] <jntrnr> indeed
[15:55] <skade> Manishearth he's totally brushing over the fact that you are actually the person being addressed by "guys", so you are very much in line by complaining about it
[17:20] <Manishearth> skade well, I am a guy
[17:20] <Manishearth> i was referring to Carol, who also helped with survey things
[17:20] <Manishearth> :)
[17:21] <Manishearth> the commenter was fererring to the folks who worked on the survey or rust in general
[17:21] <Manishearth> referring
[17:21] <mbrubeck> it's okay, HTTP can't spell it either
[17:21] <Manishearth> lol
[17:22] <Manishearth> mbrubeck: my first two weeks at work were primarily getting confused with the spelling of xhr and of referer
[17:23] <edunham> Manishearth: aww, so my planned bot to lurk in the channel and respond to /guys/ with "i'm not a guy, I'm a robot" would violate the CoC? too bad
[17:23] <Manishearth> skade it is ironic that the "alienated" account is talking about getting worked up when all i did was leave two tiny comments
[17:23] <Manishearth> hahaha
[17:25] <Manishearth> bots cant violate the CoC
[17:25] <Manishearth> algorithms are neutral
[17:25] <Manishearth> (snickers)
[18:24] <steveklabnik> Manishearth: i don't think it's ironic, it just exposes the double-standard here
[18:24] <steveklabnik> "people should be tough and just deal with things" "omg you asked me politely to change one word in my vocabulary, you will drive me away"
[18:40] <booyaa> :)
[20:22] <staticassert> steveklabnik: Yeah the irony is pretty blatant
[20:26] <staticassert> A lot of that thread seems pretty toxic and rehashed
[20:26] <staticassert> "Exactly this. The internet is the great equalizer." kewl thx
[20:29] * steveklabnik nods
[20:36] <jntrnr> steveklabnik: yeah I assume we'll see that and more when go public with the final results
[20:37] <jntrnr> those just are the stories are telling themselves so they're the ones they will quickly resonate with
[20:37] <jntrnr> there are a ton of other things you can pull out of the survey results as well
[23:19] <brson> anybody run across issues this week that new contributors can help with?
