12:00  * Manishearth bangs gavel
12:00 <@Manishearth> It is I, erickt, commencing the meeting
12:00  * carols10cents sits up straight, definitely wasn't sleeping
12:00 < jntrnr> haha
12:01 <@Manishearth> :)
12:01 <@Manishearth> First item,
12:01 <@Manishearth> > we forgot to ask if we could contact people with offers in the survey (e.g. selected a conference place where we actually run a conference)
12:01 <@Manishearth> I guess he meant that the survey could have had more fine grained contact requests?
12:02 < jntrnr> for people that gave us email, I'm assuming it was for us to reach back out to them
12:02 <@Manishearth> yeah
12:02 <@Manishearth> oh, he's saying we haven't reached out yet
12:02 <@Manishearth> true
12:02 < carols10cents> yeah, we also didn't ask if we could put people in the same location interested in meetups in contact with each other
12:02 < jntrnr> yes, maybe we should wait until after the survey has ended?
12:02 < jntrnr> though I'm sorely tempted to start collecting data now :p
12:02 <@Manishearth> We should list up all our survey thingies in an issue for next year
12:03 < jntrnr> Manishearth: https://github.com/rust-community/team/issues/28?
12:03 < carols10cents> like this issue? https://github.com/rust-community/team/issues/28
12:03 < carols10cents> ;)
12:03 < jntrnr> yay teamwork! ;)
12:03 <@Manishearth> I totally knew that exister
12:03 <@Manishearth> *d
12:03 <@Manishearth> :p
12:03 <@Manishearth> Alright, I'll add these issues to the bug after the meeting
12:04 <@Manishearth> > I reopened a contact with someone doing embedded development with Rust. Would a core team phone call about embedded be worthwhile again?
12:04 <@Manishearth> I think this ^ would be valuable, depending on how much time core has -- steveklabnik ?
12:04 <@Manishearth> Last year's meeting was mostly about issues that have since been fixed
12:05 < jntrnr> you know... for these call-outs
12:05 < jntrnr> would it be possible to get multiple people/groups with the same interest together on the same call?
12:05 <@Manishearth> the whole "how do I even std?" stuff is basically working now with cargo-in-rustc and rustup.rs
12:05 <@Manishearth> jntrnr: yes, we have done this before
12:05 < jntrnr> for large groups that might be hectic, but if it's mostly individuals, it might be nice to create a space to share
12:06 <@Manishearth> we had a string of meetings with like 9 people each (mix of core, community, and people of similar interests)
12:06 <@Manishearth> in the embedded call I recall tessel being there
12:07 <@Manishearth> jntrnr: https://internals.rust-lang.org/t/production-user-research-summary/2530
12:07 < jntrnr> Cool
12:07 <@Manishearth> This time around we may not be able to address everything in a single week of calls
12:08 <@Manishearth> since there are a lot more prod users now
12:08 <@Manishearth> might be better to hold one call a month, with a random group?
12:08  * aturon is here now
12:08 <@Manishearth> anyway, probably should wait for aturon or steveklabnik to comment on the possibility of more calls
12:09 <@Manishearth> oh, that worked out nicely :)
12:09 < aturon> we're definitely open to more calls
12:09 < aturon> but for something topical like that, i agree with jntrnr
12:09 < aturon> (grouping is good)
12:09 <@Manishearth> yep
12:09 < steveklabnik> Manishearth: i mean, i'm always interested in hearing from people
12:09 <@Manishearth> I know, but I don't know how busy y'all are
12:10 < aturon> basically, i think skade should put the contact in touch and we can take it from there
12:10 <@Manishearth> cool
12:10 < aturon> though it might be good to also think about another round of prod user calls at some point, which the community team could help organize
12:10 <@Manishearth> yes
12:10 <@Manishearth> I was thinking of doing a group call
12:10 < aturon> i don't feel a *ton* of urgency there, given that we have the survey to digest at the moment
12:10 <@Manishearth> aturon: instead of a "round" of prod calls, it might be better to have periodical calls each with a topic
12:11 <@Manishearth> so one call a month, each month a different topic
12:11 <@Manishearth> I'm not sure if we can accomodate everyone in a single "round" of calls like last time
12:11 <@Manishearth> right
12:11 < aturon> yep, makes sense!
12:11 <@Manishearth> I'll file an issue for further discussion
12:11 < aturon> maybe we should open a community team issue for discussing the best structure
12:11 < steveklabnik> with regards to being busy
12:11 < aturon> ha
12:11 <@Manishearth> like you say, not much urgency
12:11 < steveklabnik> it is true that we're all busy
12:11 < steveklabnik> but helping out with stuff like this is one of the best ways to spend our time, imho
12:11 <@Manishearth> right
12:12 < steveklabnik> we gotta bootstrap this production usage
12:12 <@Manishearth> there are also a lot of us so we can fragment
12:12 < jntrnr> agreed
12:12 <@Manishearth> alright, another aturon question
12:12 <@Manishearth> > RustBridge: we have 5 people continents interested in running something. Relationship to Mozilla should be clarified fast.
12:13 < aturon> right, so i wasn't entirely sure what skade meant by that
12:13 < aturon> likely in reference to the funding we discussed last time?
12:13 <@Manishearth> I think the idea was that Mozilla helps fund through larissa/geroter, which johannh is confident of getting
12:14 <@Manishearth> but no direct involvement otherwise? (not counting core's involvement)
12:14 < carols10cents> and probably are these "official" events or not, and what does "official" mean
12:14 < aturon> Manishearth: re: "direct" involvement, it definitely shouldn't be a Mozilla project
12:14 < aturon> but rather something run by the Rust community with Mozilla sponsorship -- much like Rust itself :)
12:14 <@Manishearth> aturon: right
12:15 <@Manishearth> I've held events like this in the past, which were organized by me but funded (through Reps) by mozilla. Mostly rust ones
12:15 <@Manishearth> Usually for these things Mozilla avoids having involvement because they don't have the bandwidth for it
12:15 <@Manishearth> from waht johannh said I think this is the same situation?
12:15 < aturon> that's my understanding, yeah
12:16 < aturon> so i guess it's just a question of pushing on the funding quickly
12:16 <@Manishearth> how much involvement would core have? I guess doing the same things as community?
12:16 <@Manishearth> right
12:16 < aturon> ok, so in terms of official status and core involvement -- in general, this is exactly the kind of initiative the community team was created to lead
12:17 <@Manishearth> right
12:18 < aturon> the role of the core team is to (1) support the work in whatever material ways we can (giving talks, helping produce materials, etc) and (2) help ensure alignment with overall Rust vision
12:18 < aturon> vision/core values
12:18 < vladimir-sn> erickt: sorry just saw this - does the thursday (16th) work for you?
12:18 < aturon> that's how i see things playing out, anyway
12:18 < vladimir-sn> we're still looking for our venue but hopefully should be able to sort that out
12:19  * steveklabnik nods
12:19 < steveklabnik> vladimir-sn: erickt might take a bit to get back to you; he had to go do stuff for his job, and isn't around right now
12:19 < aturon> that's fairly abstract, though; are there concrete questions here we should try to tackle?
12:20 <@Manishearth> I think for rustbridge there aren't many vision issues?
12:20 < aturon> we had some action items last week in terms of launching an email thread or some other place for conversation, but i haven't seen that (maybe i wasn't cc'ed though?)
12:20 <@Manishearth> in general I think community should have a better idea of the vision/core values, but specifically for rustbridge I think everyone is on the same page
12:21 < johannh> I'm still waiting for Larissa to reply, I'll ping her again
12:21 < johannh> I think getting people and workshop material is much more important at this point, money will be solvable
12:22 < aturon> yeah, that seems right
12:23 <@Manishearth> yes
12:23 < aturon> i feel like this project needs a clear, small group of people sort of "driving" it -- not sure to what extent that's the case yet?
12:23 <@Manishearth> that brings us to
12:23 <@Manishearth> > RustBridge 2: will a RustBridge team be a seperate team listed on the rust site?
12:23 <@Manishearth> I do think a dedicated team would help
12:24 < steveklabnik> RustBridge 2: electric boogaloo
12:24 <@Manishearth> sounds like another application for the strike team concept?
12:24 <@Manishearth> haha
12:24 < aturon> i imagine as it scales up, having a separate call-out of the people involved will help. but for right now, seems like just putting together a group informally and getting things going is the place to start (from my perspective)
12:24 <@Manishearth> yes
12:25 < aturon> have there been any threads or issues for driving RustBridge so far?
12:25 < aturon> if not, that seems like step 1 :)
12:25 < johannh> Well we need a group of people centrally organizing some things and a group of people in each city
12:25 <@Manishearth> right
12:26 <@Manishearth> skade mentioned that we have 5 locations, does anyone know what these locations are and who is offering to run in each?
12:26 < johannh> Huh, no idea
12:26 < johannh> I can definitely help getting Berlin going
12:27 < aturon> let's pick a place for coordination. i suggest either https://github.com/rust-community/team/, or perhaps a dedicated repo under the rust-community org (in anticipation of scale)
12:27 < steveklabnik> i know one person volunteered for NYC
12:28 <@Manishearth>  /team with a label seems okay to me for now?
12:28 < aturon> SGTM
12:28 < johannh> Yes let's make a repo there to have some action items like website and locations
12:28 < johannh> Or /team :D
12:29 <@Manishearth> okay
12:29 < aturon> anybody else have preferences?
12:29 < johannh> There was a thread on workshop material in the team repo I think
12:30 < aturon> yes, but it was more general
12:30 < aturon> hmm, the more i think about it, the more a separate repo makes sense to me
12:30 < aturon> since this is ultimately going to involve a group quite a bit larger than the community team
12:31 <@Manishearth> right
12:31 < johannh> Assuming we make a website we could also host the gh-pages there
12:31 < aturon> +1
12:31 < carols10cents> https://github.com/rust-community/rustbridge
12:31 < aturon> sweet
12:32 < steveklabnik> :D
12:32 < steveklabnik> oh
12:32 < steveklabnik> also
12:32 < steveklabnik> i own the rust-bridge github org
12:32 < steveklabnik> i am not using it anymore
12:32 < steveklabnik> if it's useful to this thing, we could use it
12:32 < aturon> let's make sure to get it populated with some admins and at least one startup issue for discussion, cc'ing stakeholders
12:32 < steveklabnik> absolutely
12:33 <@Manishearth> the last point was
12:33 <@Manishearth> > RustBridge 3: will RustBridge live on rustbridge.tld or bridge.rust-lang.org (latter making clear the endorsement, but how do we manage the setup?)
12:33 < aturon> steveklabnik: i'm thinking for now, living under community makes sense, and it can move out as it becomes its own brand
12:33 <@Manishearth> I guess bridge.rlo is good?
12:33 < aturon> yeah, if we're going to put our full weight behind this, let's do it
12:33 < aturon> but again, this feels like far ahead of the game :)
12:33 <@Manishearth> right
12:34 < steveklabnik> aturon: absoutely, i don't think it should be used right now, just making note ofr the future :)
12:34 < aturon> yep yep
12:37 <@Manishearth> anything else?
12:37 <@Manishearth> I guess the rustbridge stuff can be further discussed in the issues
12:37 < aturon> yep, i think that needs to be driven offline for broad coordination and faster progress
12:37 <@Manishearth> yeah
12:38 < aturon> do we have a clear roster of people who will be leading the effort?
12:39 <@Manishearth> skade and johannh at least?
12:39 <@Manishearth> I plan to help out with materials
12:40 < johannh> Yes
12:40 < aturon> OK, sounds like a good starting point
12:41 < carols10cents> johannh: is johannh your github username?
12:41 < johannh> carols10cents: nope, johannhof
12:41 <@Manishearth> carols10cents: https://github.com/johannhof
12:42 < johannh> I'm on PTO until next week, so don't expect much interaction from me until then
12:44 < carols10cents> ok, i added skade, Manishearth, and johannhof to the rustbridge team that has access to the rust-community/rustbridge repo. anyone else want to be on that team?
12:45 < aturon> i suspect erickt will want to be
12:46 < carols10cents> done
12:46 <@Manishearth> I believe everyone already has access, fwiw
12:46 < carols10cents> Manishearth: github said default read permissions?
12:46 < carols10cents> and i think i'm giving the team more permissions than read, maybe?
12:47 < carols10cents> idk, github's permissions confuse me
12:47 <@Manishearth> idk :)
12:47 <@Manishearth> they keep changing it
12:48 <@Manishearth> I guess that's it for the meeting?
12:48 <@Manishearth> ANything else folks want to discuss?
12:49 < aturon> any thoughts on birthday celebrations and whatnot? from my perspective things went well
12:49 < jntrnr> we got a fair bit of love from social media I noticed
12:49 < jntrnr> a lot of "woah, it's only been a year?  feels like five!"
12:50 < aturon> :D
12:50 <@Manishearth> yeah :D
12:50 < steveklabnik> What a beautiful, wonderful language. Many don’t recognize it now but Rust will be remembered in programming history.
12:50 < steveklabnik> a thing i just read
12:51 < steveklabnik> yeah, i agree generally
12:55 <@Manishearth> Wrapping up then; thanks for showing up, everyone!
12:56 < steveklabnik> ::D
