10:00 AM <•erickt> hello everyone! thanks for coming. you all are the best
10:00 AM <steveklabnik> heyyyyy
10:01 AM <•erickt> so this our first meeting, and I'm sure it's gonna be a bit  rusty (har har) at first, so please think if there's better ways of doing this
10:01 AM <•erickt> like if we should do video or something
10:01 AM <•bstrie> irc makes it easy to take minutes, just paste the chat into a gist :P
10:02 AM <•erickt> so I've that's true!
10:02 AM <ManishCloud> skype!
10:02 AM <aturon> erickt: video would be good to do at least sometimes, but i can see how IRC is more accessible
10:02 AM <•erickt> Ok, lets try next time for a video
10:03 AM <•erickt> so I have a few things I never quite got organized for an agenda today
10:03 AM <•erickt> that are in https://github.com/rust-community/team/issues/3
10:04 AM <•erickt> the main thing, really, is how are we going to improve our communication in the team, and with the greater community
10:05 AM <•erickt> right now we have three channels to talk on them. here, on users.rust-lang.org, and this new github rust-community group
10:05 AM <ManishCloud> we could set this meeting up as an office hours sort of thing
10:05 AM <ManishCloud> publicize it
10:05 AM <ManishCloud> or do something where we have some office hours and the meeting after that
10:05 AM <•skade> I'm not sure we should do that, but we could do that regularly.
10:06 AM <•erickt> ManishCloud: what kinds of things do you think would come up in office hours?
10:06 AM <•skade> I don't think everyone needs to be there for "office hours" and this would allow us to spread them a little.
10:06 AM → nmatsakis joined (sid381@moz-32a8b5.0j4i.jtu0.0101.2620.IP)
10:06 AM <•bstrie> I admit, I basically don't ever browse urlo because I already have a thousand forums to monitor and I expect others are taking care of the official fora
10:06 AM <ManishCloud> erickt: iuuno :p
10:07 AM <•erickt> well for a specific example, I have a "call to action" question here: https://users.rust-lang.org/t/identifying-organizations-for-outreach/5088
10:07 AM <•erickt> I want to get to the content of that later, but do any of you have any intuition if this would be more appropriate in a ticket?
10:08 AM <•bstrie> erickt: is the plan to stop using the google groups entirely in favor of urlo? I could get behind that
10:08 AM <•erickt> urlo seems more approachable to someone new
10:08 AM <•erickt> bstrie: yes. I want the google group just for private-y things
10:08 AM <•skade> these kinds of things can basically be spread everywhere
10:08 AM <•erickt> like if a company needs help with some launch
10:08 AM <aturon> erickt: two thoughts. one -- async communication seems good for this kind of thing. two -- it's important to limit the number of places people need to be looking at things, so imo the most important thing is just being clear on what tickets should go where
10:09 AM <ManishCloud> yeah, just for privatey things
10:09 AM <•skade> like e.g. the "what are you doing this week"
10:09 AM <ManishCloud> I still don't see folks using urlo much
10:09 AM <aturon> skade: that's true, but there's a downside -- you get split threads
10:09 AM <ManishCloud> folks hang out on reddit but not so much urlo
10:09 AM <aturon> i'm often frustrated between our reddit versus internals forum on this front
10:09 AM <•bstrie> definitely don't want community team stuff happening on reddit
10:09 AM <aturon> we end up with the same discussion playing out in multiple places
10:09 AM <•skade> aturon someone has to collect the pieces anyways when it comes to feedback stuff
10:10 AM <•skade> discussions, I would keep to one
10:10 AM <aturon> skade: so, for something that's just "Call out some ideas for places to go", i largely agree (though even there, keeping to a single place helps avoid redundancy)
10:10 AM <ManishCloud> bstrie: sure I agree there
10:10 AM <•skade> aturon well, there's never a perfect thing :)
10:11 AM <•skade> I also agree with not promoting the reddit too much
10:11 AM <•erickt> skade: I think it's a bit late for that, sadly.
10:11 AM <aturon> i think it's maybe worth distinguishing different kinds of communication -- stuff that's more "internal" to the community team/people organizing efforts, versus community-wide outreach
10:11 AM <steveklabnik> if we ever significantly promote reddit, goodbye diversity outreach
10:11 AM <•bstrie> aturon: how has the language team handled the github/irlo/irc split?
10:11 AM <•skade> erickt: well, its there and not going away, but promotion is something different
10:12 AM <•erickt> true
10:12 AM <•skade> so, in general, i would link from reddit to urlo, and from twitter to urlo, but not the other way round
10:12 AM <aturon> bstrie: github is sort of the most "authoritative" -- RFC threads in particular
10:12 AM <aturon> bstrie: we treat that as the "official record" and try to make sure all salient points show up there
10:12 AM <ManishCloud> skade: agreed
10:12 AM <•erickt> skade: me too
10:13 AM <aturon> so, to elaborate slightly on an earlier point -- i think it's good if there's a clear place for the community team itself to talk, where there's some expectation that team members would respond
10:13 AM → •brson (opped) joined  
10:13 AM <aturon> github seems good for that, i think
10:13 AM <ManishCloud> this channel, too
10:13 AM <ManishCloud> like that happens already
10:13 AM <•erickt> One option is to consider urlo-community for open ended discussions, and github for things that can have a definitive completion event
10:13 AM <aturon> erickt: +1
10:14 AM <ManishCloud> +1
10:14 AM <•skade> yep, that sounds good
10:14 AM <ManishCloud> pre rfc vs rfc basically
10:14 AM <aturon> heh, indeed -- it's exactly what the other teams end up doing!
10:14 AM <•erickt> great, so we're following precedent.
10:15 AM <aturon> for the more open-ended stuff, one issue is just getting visibility in the incredibly noisy space of Rust online life
10:15 AM <•erickt> on managing the noise factor, it's possible to setup urlo to just be noisy for the community category
10:15 AM <aturon> it's probably a good idea to not have too much in flight at once, and then to use things like TWIR to draw attention
10:15 AM <•skade> Yeah, I'd also like to keep the community mailing list for closed stuff.
10:16 AM <•skade> is there a good kanban board for github? :)
10:16 AM <•erickt> there might be some 3rd party kanban board
10:16 AM <aturon> http://wekan.io/ is not bad
10:16 AM <•skade> (not wanting to introduce too much process here, but I do enjoy the swimlanes visualisation just to keep track)
10:16 AM <aturon> (open source, free hosting)
10:17 AM <aturon> no github integration though :(
10:17 AM <•erickt> skade: I tend to do the whole experiment with a bunch of process and see which one sticks. I'd be fine seeing if kanban works for some
10:18 AM <•erickt> skade: how would you want to use it?
10:18 AM <•skade> skade preferably just to categorise tickets
10:18 AM <•erickt> we at least can start categorizing tickets ourselves
10:18 AM <aturon> so, one overall worry i want to voice: i think a key problem this team faces is that it's often about rallying people around initiatives, which requires a *lot* of follow-through. so process should be designed to maximize the chance of that happening
10:19 AM <•skade> yep
10:19 AM <•erickt> skade: I think you all have permission. I'm more than happy with you experimenting with these things
10:19 AM <•erickt> aturon: +1
10:19 AM <•skade> erickt okay, I'll send around a proposal
10:19 AM <•skade> yes, new questions answered fast is a very important thing
10:20 AM <•skade> okay, then i propose we research tooling and talk about it some other time
10:20 AM <aturon> seems good
10:21 AM <ManishCloud> erickt: /me likes trello
10:21 AM <•erickt> great. So in summary. urlo for long discussions (who should we talk to?), github for tracking things that can be complete (have we talked to X?), and tooling that makes it easy
10:21 AM <•bstrie> skade: what tools does ruby berlin use to stay organized across contributors?
10:21 AM <aturon> fwiw, i also think that just having this meeting, and doing more work in urlo/github, will already go a long way toward better communication
10:21 AM <•erickt> I sure hope so!
10:21 AM <ManishCloud> erickt: +1
10:21 AM <aturon> and we're stepping up coordination with core team, thanks to erickt
10:21 AM <•skade> bstrie: actually: mail. and then every project their own.
10:22 AM <•erickt> skade: their own mailing list?
10:22 AM <•erickt> each project has their own mailing list?
10:22 AM <•bstrie> by "mail" he means the post, clearly :P
10:22 AM <•skade> erickt jep, we have a google apps for business account that we use heavily
10:23 AM <•skade> (free for non-profits)
10:23 AM <•skade> we also use google drive a lot on top of that
10:23 AM <•erickt> neat. I did setup a drive folder for presentations, but I think github also now better supports large files
10:24 AM <•skade> I think the umbrella structure should be as lean as possible for people, because it shouldn't come with a lot of cost on top of their personal work.
10:24 AM <•skade> oh yeah, and github for all of our websites and code :)
10:24 AM <•bstrie> yeah, think I'd rather have presentations on github. they have nice slideshow viewers anyway
10:25 AM <•erickt> anyway, lets move on to the next thing, engaging the broader community
10:25 AM <•skade> https://github.com/rust-community/team/issues/10
10:25 AM <•erickt> sweet
10:25 AM <•skade> (draft)
10:25 AM <•skade> ack
10:26 AM <•erickt> I got two things I want us to do. First, help support the upcoming conferences, and Second, start engaging in groups outside of the rust community
10:26 AM <•erickt> like PyLadies and the like
10:27 AM <•skade> i have contacts to RailsGirls, RailsBridge, WomenWhoCode
10:27 AM <•skade> contacts usually work better then cold approaches
10:27 AM <•erickt> skade: excellent. Do you know how we should go about approaching them?
10:27 AM <•skade> well, womenwhocode already approached us and we had a workshop september
10:28 AM <•skade> sadly, at a conference that was heavily disorganised, so we had like 5 attendees...
10:28 AM <ManishCloud> skade: aw
10:28 AM <•erickt> ugh, that's sad
10:28 AM <•skade> happens
10:28 AM <•skade> no hard feelings on any side :)
10:28 AM <•erickt> was that a conference they organized? or were they just organizing at one?
10:29 AM <ManishCloud> any chances the event can happen again?
10:29 AM <•skade> no, different organisers
10:29 AM <aturon> so this is already touching on a really important topic, increasing diversity -- skade, in your experience, is outreach to these groups an effective way to do that work? and what form does it take?
10:29 AM <•skade> definitely, the person involved is just on a world trip until april
10:29 AM <•skade> foundry: well, we just have to approach them if we have something concrete
10:29 AM <•skade> aturon you usually should have something at hand
10:30 AM <aturon> can you walk us through an example where it's gone well?
10:30 AM <•skade> but then, they are usually approachable and at least promote you
10:30 AM <•erickt> skade: regarding BridgeFoundry, are you referring to us setting up a RustFoundry?
10:30 AM <•skade> erickt: yep, mostly
10:30 AM <•erickt> what if we help route speakers to their groups? would that help?
10:30 AM <•skade> aturon well, for the launch party in berlin we wrote a specific invitation and basically contacted every group in berlin
10:30 AM <•skade> it worked well
10:30 AM <•skade> they rarely have speaking events
10:31 AM <aturon> ok, so we did something similar for RustCamp
10:31 AM <•skade> pyladies for example just does workshops for python
10:31 AM <•skade> :)
10:31 AM <•skade> yeah, honest and upfront communication is best there. there's not that much to it except being willing to stay true to your word.
10:32 AM <aturon> so, IOW, one approach is to have a Rust event and just reach out to invite
10:32 AM <•skade> and then repeat... repeat... repeat
10:32 AM <•erickt> are the workshops normally tied to a conference, or do they happen semi-regularly? I'm also happy to get people to run tutorials
10:32 AM <•skade> depends on the chapter
10:32 AM <aturon> the core team had also been wondering about whether we can do this kind of outreach by going to external events
10:32 AM <•skade> Rails Girls Berlin for example does independent workshops
10:32 AM <•skade> you definitely can
10:33 AM <•skade> show that you are around an care
10:33 AM <•skade> being there in person helps a lot
10:33 AM <aturon> skade: to be clear, are you talking about purely attending, rather than e.g. speaking in some way?
10:33 AM <•skade> one problem we have is that e.g. the bridge has very neat intro courses where you have something semi-usable in a day
10:34 AM <•skade> aturon both is possible
10:34 AM <•skade> but: all those courses are web-focused. "a little bit of Rails and some CSS and you got a fancy website". I'm still struggling to find such an example for Rust.
10:34 AM <aturon> OK. certainly we've been working on building up lots of different presentations and tutorials that can fit various audiences, and are already giving these all over -- but could use community team help in establishing contacts with a greater diversity focus
10:35 AM <•erickt> skade: yeah, that's one of my worries, that our "tutorial" projects may still be a bit harder to approach
10:35 AM <•skade> jup. definitely. also, when it comes to job offers: send them to those with a few words that you seriously care for people to apply.
10:36 AM <•skade> erickt: yep. I'm putting my hopes on tessel/IOT-stuff a little
10:36 AM <aturon> skade: yeah, the Mozilla team did that for our recent opening
10:36 AM <•erickt> skade: I keep trying to get a IOT meetup together :)
10:37 AM <•skade> I ordered 10 Tessels for Berlin, but they haven't arrived.
10:37 AM <•skade> soooooo. come up with IOT and "standard" examples for workshops? Is that a task?
10:37 AM <•erickt> yep! want to file that ticket?
10:38 AM <•erickt> it'd be great to have a good web example
10:38 AM <•erickt> we can reach out to our various web-folks and see if they'll help build out a demo
10:38 AM <aturon> +1
10:38 AM <•erickt> and then make puppydog eyes at steveklabnik to make a nice tutorial out of it :)
10:39 AM <steveklabnik> hehe
10:39 AM <ManishCloud> erickt: I found this to be a good walkthrough for a website
10:39 AM <ManishCloud> https://clippy.bashy.io/docs/
10:39 AM <steveklabnik> so
10:39 AM <•skade> https://github.com/rust-community/team/issues/11
10:39 AM <•erickt> +1
10:39 AM <steveklabnik> i have been really wanting to make a webdev tutorial
10:39 AM <•bstrie> I would kind of like to observe an existing *bridge* in action to see how it works
10:39 AM <steveklabnik> but i haven' thad the time
10:40 AM <•erickt> steveklabnik: stop being so popular!
10:40 AM <•erickt> bstrie: yeah. I think there are some in the bay area, not sure about Pittsburgh
10:41 AM <•skade> bstrie it isn't very fancy. usually, it's a couple of intro talks to communicate "why is this a skill" and then a tutorial in groups. usually 1 coach per 5 people
10:41 AM <•skade> usuall with a "setup night" the day before
10:41 AM <•bstrie> maybe I can volunteer to help with a pythonbridge or something, if I can find a local one
10:41 AM <•erickt> that does lead me to another aspect of engaging the broader community - how should we approach groups that are outside of our region?
10:42 AM — •erickt says from deep inside the san francisco bubble
10:42 AM <•skade> well https://twitter.com/burghpyladies
10:42 AM — aturon is especially interested in this question for non-English-speaking locales
10:42 AM <aturon> (right now, on that front, we're working toward translations for the web site and eventually book; what else can we do to support worldwide community?)
10:43 AM <ManishCloud> erickt: approach to do what?
10:43 AM <•erickt> what he said. aturon: btw I was talking to a woman last night at our meetup that might start a hong kong meetup :)
10:44 AM <•brson> are the translations moving forward?
10:44 AM <•bstrie> aturon: just yesterday kimundi was asking for german-language presentation materials
10:44 AM <•erickt> ManishCloud: well I worry that at least I've been too SF focused with organizing my meetup
10:44 AM <•skade> translation is a nasty topic, as all changes need to be tracked and there's not that many people that like to work on that. but other then that, local engagement is important.
10:44 AM <aturon> bstrie: well, he was offering to translate :) i got him our source slides
10:44 AM <ManishCloud> So one thing I found out locally is that there's a lot of interest in Rust, but not many people who feel they can carry a meetup or whatever
10:44 AM <•skade> If I were to ask people on that, south-americans usually have a lot of experience.
10:45 AM <ManishCloud> I was there to jumpstart a meetup group in Bangalore and Hyderabad but that didn't really grow into anything
10:45 AM <aturon> skade: what do you mean by "local engagement" here?
10:45 AM <ManishCloud> each had like one meeting after that
10:45 AM <ManishCloud> the folks were enthusiastic, but without someone who is active in the Rust community who lives there it fell apart
10:45 AM <aturon> brson: i don't think there's been much progress, no; that goes back to the follow-through issue. but this is the kind of thing that should now probably be filed as a ticket on the community team, to help track it
10:45 AM <•skade> i finished a sentence the wrong way, sorry (meetup is filling and confusing)
10:45 AM <•erickt> ManishCloud: yeah I think that happens a lot with meetups
10:45 AM <steveklabnik> this has kinda happneed in NYC
10:45 AM <•skade> "it drives local engangement)
10:45 AM <ManishCloud> (Mumbai has the opposite problem, no developer community so fewere enthusiastic folks)
10:46 AM <steveklabnik> i held like two meetups, rovar held four or five. they were well attended but without us driving things it fell apart
10:46 AM <ManishCloud> steveklabnik: I have a feeling NYC has Mumbai's problem more than Hyderabad
10:46 AM <ManishCloud> oh, interesting
10:46 AM <ManishCloud> (NYC and Mumbai are basically the same city, functionally/community-wise)
10:46 AM <steveklabnik> :)
10:46 AM <•erickt> ManishCloud / steveklabnik: why do you think that happened? a lack of time to run the actual event, or not having time to organize speakers?
10:47 AM <aturon> so ultimately this work has to be decentralized and needs local leadership/initiative. i think the question for this team (and perhaps core team as well) is: what overall supporting infrastructure can we give to make the local work as easy as possible
10:47 AM <aturon> skade's foundation is a step in that direction, financially
10:47 AM <aturon> i've also long hoped that we could offer guidance/help on setting up a meetup
10:47 AM <ManishCloud> erickt: So. With Mumbai, where I live, not enough enthusiastic developers for regular events. Folks want to learn about Rust, but I don't know  many folks interested in regular meetups
10:47 AM <•skade> well, meetups is always a problematic issue, as they rarely need money :)
10:48 AM <ManishCloud> erickt: This is because Mumbai isn't a tech city, really, so the dev community isn't too large
10:48 AM <•erickt> aturon: for beginners steps, we need some documentation about starting a meetup. how to find a space, how to attract attendees, how to find speakers
10:48 AM <aturon> skade: sorry, i didn't intend to focus purely on meetups. i mean more generally, supporting Rust community worldwide
10:48 AM <aturon> erickt: sounds like a candidate github issue :)
10:48 AM <•erickt> aturon: https://github.com/rust-community/team/issues/4
10:48 AM <•erickt> :)
10:48 AM <ManishCloud> erickt: in Bangalore/Hyderabad, there are folks interested in actually using Rust (so not just idle curiosity). We had a great meetup. But they don't have any active rustaceans locally to carry it.
10:49 AM <ManishCloud> Pune had *one* active rustacean who held the 1.0 meetup but he moved to Korea.
10:49 AM <aturon> yeah, so i'm curious, for ManishCloud, steveklabnik, skade, and any others who've been doing local work: what kind of additional support would've made a difference to you?
10:49 AM <steveklabnik> my big problem was a lack of a venue
10:50 AM <aturon> (skade, i know you do more than local, just narrowing for now)
10:50 AM <steveklabnik> brooklyn is very large, to the point where the only good venue i know is in a part of brooklyn that takes me 45 minutes to get to, so i wanted one closer
10:50 AM <•skade> aturon contacts, contacts, contacts :)
10:50 AM <aturon> skade: heh, can you elaborate?
10:50 AM <•skade> basically, the old switchboard thing
10:50 AM <steveklabnik> but there aren't really tech companies in my neighborhood, and none of the bars have event space
10:50 AM <•skade> Well, it isn't unusual that two rustceans don't know each other
10:50 AM <•skade> while someone on another continent knows them both
10:50 AM <ManishCloud> aturon: From your side? Nothing. The problem was that there aren't any really serious rustaceans in India yet.
10:51 AM <•skade> so the whole way of encouraging people to contact us is already quite big
10:51 AM <ManishCloud> i'v ebeen trying to bootstrap that, and it's slowly happening, but it's ... slow
10:51 AM <•erickt> skade: that was somewhat of the idea of my "introduce ourselves" thread on https://users.rust-lang.org/t/introducing-ourselves-to-the-community/5089/9
10:51 AM <aturon> skade: OK, that seems like an eminently solvable problem, if i understand correctly
10:51 AM <ManishCloud> plus India tends to lag behind SV with the latest trends so Rust isn't yet too popular
10:51 AM <•skade> aturon definitely
10:52 AM <•erickt> skade: what do you think of a more formal board of "this person is here and interested in X" spreadsheet?
10:52 AM <aturon> i mean, even something like http://rustaceans.org/ but with more location information and searchability
10:52 AM <ManishCloud> aturon: so far I've been able to get events funded and all, so that isn't the problem. The problem is people.
10:52 AM <•skade> my favourite example is that the meetup in montreal wasn't ware of julia evans being from town...
10:52 AM <ManishCloud> heh
10:52 AM <•skade> I love mozillians.org in that respect, by the way.
10:52 AM <•erickt> aturon: heh i didn't even know about that website
10:52 AM <aturon> ManishCloud: ok (though that raises the question of how we bootstrap... but maybe we can discuss that later)
10:52 AM <•skade> I'm just terrible at building projects that last *cough*
10:53 AM <aturon> wow ok, so there's a very easy action item here
10:53 AM <aturon> we should build this switchboard yesterday
10:53 AM <ManishCloud> skade: I found out about a semi-active rustacean being in my college by accident -- I TAd a course he was in. (And I try to know all the rustaceans in the country)
10:53 AM <•erickt> aturon: I think that's what http://rustaceans.org/ is? we just need to promote it?
10:53 AM <aturon> erickt: i think it needs more work to be useful here
10:53 AM <•skade> aturon It's already existing through contacting rust-community@, but that can definitely be improved
10:53 AM <ManishCloud> aturon: I thought the switchboard was just the existence of a point of contact?
10:53 AM <•erickt> or get it to work since I couldn't find me :)
10:53 AM <aturon> location information, better searchability, etc
10:54 AM <ManishCloud> aturon: I mean, when I proposed it, my idea was: "Email rust-community@, and we can get you conencted with the right people"
10:54 AM <aturon> so, i think that's a good entry point to have,
10:54 AM <•bstrie> erickt: are we intending to limit meetings to one hour, like the other teams? if so, you should present any other important topics that you have :)
10:54 AM <aturon> but the rust community is already large enough that you'll need infrastructure for this, i'd expect
10:55 AM <ManishCloud> cool
10:55 AM <•skade> yep, additional stuff helps :)
10:55 AM <•erickt> aturon / skade: switchboard ticket: https://github.com/rust-community/team/issues/12
10:55 AM <•erickt> bstrie: yeah
10:55 AM <•skade> by the way, ruby berlin has some software for events that we maintain and set up on request
10:56 AM <•skade> (it's ruby, but hey) :D
10:56 AM <aturon> skade: so if we revamped rusceans to have more data about location, and perhaps interests / "I would like to be contacted for community events" or some such, would that address your concern?
10:56 AM <•erickt> I was just about to wrap up. skade, as of right now, do you need any help with your conference?
10:56 AM <•erickt> aturon, anything else you wanted to address?
10:56 AM <•skade> it's not my conference, it's mostly @flaki and some others
10:57 AM <•skade> erickt funding would be great :D
10:57 AM <aturon> oh, so one point re: the european conf, we want to make sure it won't overlap with the next RustCon -- and also, some of the core team would be interested in potentially being involved
10:57 AM <aturon> i haven't had much luck setting up a meeting with folks, though :-/
10:57 AM <•skade> sure, we should align there. I also wanted to run a set of smallish events around mozilla spaces
10:57 AM <•erickt> skade: ah, could you connect them with us? invite them to the next meeting?
10:57 AM <aturon> erickt: re: other things, this all feels like a good start,
10:57 AM <•skade> aturon do that async. conf organisers _hate_ alignment meetings :)
10:58 AM <aturon> skade: ha, ok
10:58 AM <•erickt> \o/
10:58 AM <•skade> erickt flaki is already here
10:58 AM — •erickt waves at flaki
10:58 AM <•skade> badboy_, too
10:58 AM <•skade> and #rustcampeu is the channel
10:58 AM <aturon> erickt: so the other thing i was going to say
10:58 AM — •erickt waves at everybody
10:58 AM <badboy> we didn't really move forward (yet?)
10:58 AM <•bstrie> aturon: is rustaceans an official thing? who manages it?
10:58 AM <aturon> bstrie: not really official; nrc started it, but it sorta stalled
10:58 AM <aturon> but we can easily improve and promote it
10:59 AM <aturon> erickt: so: i would like to talk ASAP in more depth about what we can be doing to increase diversity
10:59 AM <aturon> got some good notes today, but i'd like to have a dedicated discussion about it
10:59 AM <aturon> a lot of people involved in the project want to help here, but don't really know how to do so effectively
10:59 AM <aturon> (myself included)
11:00 AM <•skade> i have a call with nico on monday wrt to Rust Boston(?), we can open that up
11:00 AM <•erickt> aturon: sounds great.
11:00 AM <•erickt> aturon: lets chat later
11:00 AM <aturon> OK -- my main hope is to draw from people who've had good experience/success with this
11:00 AM <•skade> (diversity-related)
11:01 AM <aturon> skade: ok, i'd be happy to join
11:01 AM <aturon> though ultimately i think it's good for this to be a full-blown community team discussion
11:01 AM <•erickt> skade: me too if I can slot in
11:01 AM <•skade> well, I wouldn't use it as a replacement
11:01 AM <•erickt> aturon: agreed. perhaps we should continue this discussion next week, rather than in 2 weeks?
11:01 AM <aturon> erickt: fine by me! we have no shortage of agenda items :)
11:01 AM <•erickt> in organized meeting form of course
11:02 AM <•erickt> ok, I'll put it on the calendar
11:02 AM <•skade> wednesdays are generally good for me, also feel free to always pick brains here. we also have #rust-diverse
11:02 AM <•skade> and the Mozilla-#diversity
11:02 AM <•bstrie> I'm fine having a meeting every week as long as we have agenda items to discuss
11:02 AM <•skade> (which used our code of coduct)
11:03 AM <•skade> I'm okay with next week
11:03 AM <•bstrie> which seems especially likely while we're just starting out with meetings
11:03 AM — aturon is so excited
11:03 AM <•erickt> great! thanks everyone!
11:03 AM <aturon> thank you, erickt!
11:03 AM <•erickt> I was worried we were going to run out of things after 10 minutes :)
11:03 AM <•skade> thanks, erickt 
11:03 AM <•skade> I'd still like to close this with a big thank you to steveklabnik for all the work up to now :)
11:04 AM <•erickt> +2
11:04 AM <aturon> +3 :)
11:04 AM <badboy> +4
11:04 AM <•erickt> Alright, I'm closing this meeting (by copy-pasting it into the minutes)
