•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
7:00 PM T-0!
7:00 PM it's meeting time dance!
7:00 PM dance dance

7:00 PM H<hjr3> 
woo
7:00 PM J— jntrnr waves arms like muppet

7:00 PM E<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
that's the spirit
7:00 PM 10 community points to jntnr

7:00 PM J<jntrnr> 
lol
7:01 PM → brson_ joined (brson@moz-0ob.j2m.56.172.IP)

7:01 PM E<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
well hello everyone

7:01 PM B<brson_> 
hi erickt!

7:01 PM E<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
so here's our agenda: https://github.com/rust-community/team/issues/39
7:02 PM so I think  lets start out and say with this meeting time I still don't think we recruited anyone new

7:02 PM J<jntrnr> 
seems like it

7:02 PM H<hjr3> 
doesn't appear so

7:03 PM E<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
so I want to propose an idea. how about we shift back to our 4pm UTC meeting, but we hang out at this time in case people show up
7:03 PM which will allow for more participation

7:03 PM J<jntrnr> 
I'm game

7:03 PM H<hjr3> 
what does "hang out" entail?
7:03 PM ⇐ •brson quit (brson@moz-hde.j2m.56.172.IP) Ping timeout: 121 seconds

7:04 PM E<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
well, I'll at least be present in this meeting
7:04 PM err at this time

7:04 PM H<hjr3> 
oh sure

7:04 PM E<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
in case we get anyone to attend
7:04 PM but it won't necessarily be the official meeting time
7:05 PM sound good? make sense to everyone?

7:05 PM H<hjr3> 
i think that is a good plan. i will certainly try to be available

7:05 PM E<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
cool
7:05 PM ok next topic
7:05 PM survey
7:05 PM F— frewsxcv waves

7:05 PM E<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
jntrnr: you're up, how's the document?
7:06 PM E— •erickt waves at frewsxcv

7:06 PM J<jntrnr> 
good - I have a draft up here: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1F6oELZcO_ejX2oVk20hmiBWd4lQugfFahn7OOOOyKsw/edit?usp=sharing

7:06 PM H<hjr3> 
oh nice

7:06 PM J<jntrnr> 
so definitely give a read, send comments/thoughts/etc

7:07 PM E<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
great! when do you need comments by?

7:07 PM J<jntrnr> 
I was chatting a bit with aturon earlier today.  It sounds like the core team is also interested in putting it (or something like it) on the main Rust blog

7:07 PM E<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
+1

7:07 PM J<jntrnr> 
they want to use the data to help kick off some other blog posts
7:08 PM erickt: soonish?  say by Friday would be great

7:08 PM E<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
ok. want to file a ticket asking for comments, and add a `cc @rust-community/team`? that should get everyone

7:09 PM J<jntrnr> 
can do - the only thing is that we were trying to be slightly careful with the draft
7:09 PM though I don't think it's particularly damning in the current form :p

7:09 PM E<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
ah, well then send a mail to community-team@rust-lang.org

7:09 PM J<jntrnr> 
we will probably just want to massage it a bit before it goes a bit broader
7:09 PM k, will do

7:10 PM E<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
jntrnr: anything in particular you are looking for comments on?

7:10 PM J<jntrnr> 
the main things I'm interested in for the post are a) major structural problems with the post.  If I need to cut whole sections or rethink the approach, knowing that sooner is helpful
7:11 PM also b) if it feels like there are areas that I need to go into more detail or just are generally confusing, also good to know about

7:11 PM E<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
by the way, thank you so much for doing all this

7:12 PM H<hjr3> 
this is great jntrnr
7:12 PM B— brson_ detraining

7:12 PM J<jntrnr> 
hjr3: thx :)
7:12 PM ⇐ brson_ quit (brson@moz-0ob.j2m.56.172.IP) Quit: leaving

7:12 PM J<jntrnr> 
brson_: detraining sounds painful

7:12 PM E<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
hehe
7:13 PM I'm imagining brson punching caltrain off the tracks
7:13 PM Also on the survey, I believe skade's partner may now be doing some deeper analysis on the survey
7:14 PM unfortunately he's probably asleep at the moment, so we won't hear about that until the next meetin
7:14 PM jntrnr: anything else on your end?
7:14 PM or anyone else?

7:14 PM J<jntrnr> 
that's it.  I'll put together an email for the community team for feedback

7:15 PM E<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
great
7:15 PM next up, just a status update on RustBridge
7:15 PM we had our inaugural meeting earlier today that went pretty well

7:15 PM H<hjr3> 
awesome

7:16 PM E<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
the main highlights were starting to pick out a regular meeting time, which we didn't quite settle on
7:16 PM and starting to think through what we should build for workshop tutorials

7:16 PM M<•Manishearth> 
i am here now
7:16 PM sorry about the delay

7:17 PM E<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
bridge meeting agenda is here: https://github.com/rust-community/rustbridge/issues/7
7:17 PM and minutes here: https://github.com/rust-community/team/issues/39
7:17 PM E— •erickt waves at Manishearth

7:17 PM E<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
so first off, if any of you want to join in the bridge talks
7:18 PM please chime in here for helping to pick the day: https://github.com/rust-community/rustbridge/issues/8

7:18 PM M<•Manishearth> 
i might

7:18 PM E<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
and time to meet next

7:18 PM M<•Manishearth> 
but right niw swamped-ish

7:18 PM E<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
I invited them to use #rust-community in between meeting times
7:18 PM so we may see more activity here :)
7:18 PM (fingers crossed :) )

7:19 PM H<hjr3> 
yes, more discussion

7:19 PM E<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
one of the main things to consider with the workshops is that we expect that folks will want to actually build something at the end of the day
7:19 PM rather than want to just do the more traditional tutorial a la this is an iterator, and this is borrow checking
7:20 PM so like build a website or a game

7:20 PM H<hjr3> 
ya i think that is a great idea

7:20 PM E<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
but there's concern about tutorials being broken if dependencies break

7:20 PM H<hjr3> 
happy to see what the workshop idea is

7:21 PM E<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
or that it might end up requiring too high level knowledge. like "so you want to build a simple web page, first you need to understand sql"
7:21 PM hjr3: https://github.com/rust-community/rustbridge/issues/2 is tracking workshop content

7:21 PM H<hjr3> 
ya i posted there, per your recommendation ;)

7:22 PM E<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
oh hey so you did
7:22 PM anyway I'm not sure if there's anything else I had, but happy to answer any other questions

7:23 PM H<hjr3> 
thanks for the update. glad it is moving along

7:23 PM E<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
if not, next topic: 2017 rustconf planning: https://github.com/rust-community/team/issues/40
7:24 PM the 2016 rustconf hasn't happened yet, but we've already made some mistakes, so aturon asked me to start a ticket tracking what we could do better
7:24 PM so if you have any ideas or suggestions, please feel free to add them in here
7:24 PM we should do the same for rust belt rust and rustfest.eu
7:25 PM so please add anything else we could do better
7:25 PM one thing for us I tried to get us some official time for community organization, but it was too late to actually get us room in the schedule :(

7:26 PM H<hjr3> 
doh
7:26 PM J— jntrnr disappears into a puff of sleepy smoke

7:26 PM E<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
so we can do some unofficial stuff
7:26 PM bye jntrnr !
7:27 PM but next time we should try to have some more dedicated time
7:27 PM hm. so anything else on this subject?

7:28 PM H<hjr3> 
not from me atm

7:28 PM E<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
alright so next up...
7:28 PM rust forge: https://github.com/rust-community/team/issues/38
7:29 PM this might need to bump to the next meeting because it's from skade
7:29 PM but frankly i didn't even know https://forge.rust-lang.org/ existed
7:29 PM so we have an advertising problem :)

7:30 PM H<hjr3> 
it is out of site, out of mind

7:30 PM E<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
so this might be one place where we can start aggregating tutorials
7:31 PM but I think also edunham was working towards getting a planet-esque page for rust
7:31 PM a la https://planet.mozilla.org/
7:31 PM to aggregate blog posts
7:32 PM hm. seems like we don't have critical mass to talk about forge

7:32 PM H<hjr3> 
ya ; / 
7:32 PM does edunham know about forge?

7:32 PM E<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
so we can bump to next time

7:32 PM H<hjr3> 
i will be seeing her at codeconf next week
7:32 PM she has her talk right after mine

7:32 PM E<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
great!
7:33 PM ok next up
7:33 PM oh, homu. so homu.io seems to be in a half dead state :(
7:34 PM I've reached out to barosl, the owner a few weeks ago and haven't heard back yet
7:34 PM so I'm starting the process of potentially building a clone of that service

7:35 PM H<hjr3> 
oh nice

7:35 PM E<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
I've gotten as far as buying bors.io :)
7:35 PM but I'm looking for help to actually build bors-as-a-service
7:35 PM so if anyone wants to help out, please comment on
7:35 PM err
7:36 PM oh I don't have a ticket

7:36 PM H<hjr3> 
so my meetup is winding down on the stockfigher sdk
7:36 PM maybe we can switch to bors.io
7:36 PM ill bring it up

7:36 PM E<edunham> 
hjr3: I'm aware of forge, but haven't been pushing as much docs to it as i ought lately
7:37 PM looks like someone's squatting on bors.io

7:37 PM E<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
edunham: that's me :)
7:37 PM bought it earlier today

7:37 PM E<edunham> 
erickt: awesome!
7:37 PM envisioning a Rust-hosted homu that isn't gated on poor barosl?

7:38 PM E<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
bors-as-a-service: https://github.com/rust-community/team/issues/41

7:38 PM E<edunham> 
aha!

7:39 PM E<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
edunham: unfortunately barosl appears to have not responded to github notifications for a couple months :(
7:39 PM I'd much rather help him get homu.io back into a good state, but there's not much we can do with him being offline :(

7:40 PM H<hjr3> 
there is no other way to get a hold of him?

7:40 PM E<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
I'd love ideas, but everyone I've tried doesn't have a direct route to him

7:41 PM H<hjr3> 
k

7:41 PM E<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
wycats also thought the ember community might be up for contributing to a homu replacement, so there's a chance we could get a bunch of contributors for it

7:42 PM H<hjr3> 
i believe cargo.io is built on ember too, right?

7:42 PM E<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
yep

7:42 PM H<hjr3> 
sorry, crates.io

7:43 PM E<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
built by wycats and acrichto
7:43 PM maybe we could convince one of the web dev projects to build it :)
7:44 PM anyone want to reach out to them?

7:45 PM H<hjr3> 
i barely know wycats. steveklabnik might make an intro on our collective behalf?

7:45 PM E<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
oh I know wycats, I'm more speaking about the rust web framework folks

7:45 PM H<hjr3> 
oh, i see

7:45 PM E<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
like iron or nickel
7:46 PM I can start poking them
7:46 PM that's all I got for my agenda
7:46 PM anyone else have anything else?

7:46 PM B<bstrie> 
I just remembered there was a meeting!
7:46 PM I have a thing to talk about!!!

7:46 PM E<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
bstrie!
7:46 PM hello!

7:47 PM B<bstrie> 
is aturon around, by chance?

7:47 PM E<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
I haven't heard from him for a while

7:47 PM B<bstrie> 
because my vague agenda item is working on returning some of the transparency around the mozilla devs' doing that we seem to have lost over the past year or so
7:48 PM it seems like a lot of people in the community are relatively in the dark regarding what acrichto et al are working on day-to-day
7:48 PM I personally used to catch up by reading the minutes of the weekly meetings, but I don't even know if they have those anymore
7:48 PM maybe this is something we should put on the agenda for next week, and see if aturon can show up for that

7:48 PM E<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
oh! so I know aturon has been working on trying to come up with some better way to do meetings and etc
7:48 PM yeah

7:49 PM E<edunham> 
erickt, hjr3 it's become pretty clear to the Servo community that baosl's circumstances take him fully offline for 2-3 month stretches on a regular basis, so it's best for everybody to avoid setting up anything that requires consistent rapid responses

7:49 PM E<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
bstrie: want to add it to https://github.com/rust-community/team/issues/42

7:50 PM H<hjr3> 
edunham i was just thinking he could add erickt as a collaborator so we didn't have to start from scratch. i want to respect his time away though

7:50 PM E<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
edunham: yeah. bors.io is not ideal
7:52 PM anyone have anything else for the agenda?

7:52 PM H<hjr3> 
not i
7:53 PM thank you erickt !

7:53 PM E<edunham> 
regarding the planet, I've got individual +1's from most of the mod team that they're cool with it, but no formal "we as the mod team say yes"

7:54 PM E<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
great!

7:54 PM B<bstrie> 
erickt: comment left

7:55 PM E<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
great!
7:55 PM alright well I'm going to officially gavel this meeting closed

7:55 PM H<hjr3> 
byeall

7:57 PM E<•erickt> Erick Tryzelaar 
thanks everyone!
